When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	The story is as straight and obvious as raw spaghetti.	1/4	rotten	Kyle Smith	1	New York Post	20100514
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	Streep and Eastwood's chemistry makes the film.	4/5	fresh	Angie Errigo	0	Empire Magazine	20130731
FROGS FOR SNAKES is a neo-noir comic thriller centering on the hopes and ambitions of a motley ensemble of New York theater actors, who moonlight as illegal money collectors. Eva, the only group member with genuine acting ability and common sense, is fed up with the pretense of this twisted underworld and dreams of leaving town with her five-year-old son, Augie. She yearns to move to the suburbs and simply be. Eva's soul mate in this strange, incestuous community is Quint, who owns the diner where she waitresses. In the meantime, Eva supports herself and her son by making collections for a loan shark, who just happens to be her ex-husband, Al Santana. Al, the gang's boss, also fancies himself a theatrical impresario. He plans to stage a production of David Mamet's American Buffalo and has already cast two of the three male parts. Naturally, everyone wants a part, particularly the coveted role of Teach, in this classic production. Al is confronted by his driver/hitman/actor UB who is desperate for a role. He tells Al, I f	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Mystery and Suspense	Amos Poe	Amos Poe	19990521	19991019		2.5/5	rotten	Marc Savlov	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
This is a romantic comedy set in Paris about a family that goes there because of business, and two young people who are engaged to be married in the fall have experiences there that change their lives. It's about a young man's great love for a city, Paris, and the illusion people have that a life different from theirs would be much better. It stars Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates, Carla Bruni, among others. -- (C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	20110610	20111220	Woody Allen's beleaguered heroes have never been reluctant to indulge in a little fantasy to get what they want.	B+	fresh	Chris Vognar	1	Dallas Morning News	20110602
After being denied a promotion at the university where she teaches, Doctor Lily Penleric, a brilliant musicologist, impulsively visits her sister, who runs a struggling rural school in Appalachia. There she stumbles upon the discovery of her life -- a treasure trove of ancient Scots-Irish ballads, songs that have been handed down from generation to generation, preserved intact by the seclusion of the mountains. With the goal of securing her promotion, Lily ventures into the most isolated areas of the mountains to collect the songs and finds herself increasingly enchanted -- not only by the rugged purity of the music, but also by the raw courage and endurance of the local people as they carve out meaningful lives against the harshest conditions. It is not, however, until she meets Tom -- a handsome, hardened war veteran and talented musician -- that she's forced to examine her motivations. Is the Songcatcher, as Tom insists, no better than the men who exploit the people and extort their land?	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Romance	Maggie Greenwald	Maggie Greenwald	20010629	20011023	Tall, big-boned Janet McTeer ... is the ideal actress to play Lily Penleric.	3/4	fresh	Edward Guthmann	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20010802
In this romantic comedy, New York sportswriter Sam Craig becomes incensed at comments about the uselessness of sports made by foreign correspondent Tess Harding. Sam and Tess subsequently use their respective columns to carry on a feud -- at least, until they finally meet face to face.	NR	Classics Comedy Romance	George Stevens		19420119	19970827	One of the best Tracy-Hepburn movies	4/5	fresh	Lori Hoffman	0	Atlantic City Weekly	20050105
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	This is it -- this is James Bond in all of his glory -- in what easily ranks up there with the best Bond films of them all.	4/4	fresh	Jeremy Wheeler	0	TV Guide	20121108
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	I liked The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, but I wanted to love it.	3/4	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	St. Paul Pioneer Press	20081224
This horror film, directed by Ronnie Yu, marked a return (after an eight-year lapse) of Chucky and the Child's Play series that began in 1988. At the moment of his death, the spirit of former serial killer Charles Lee Ray was mystically relocated in the doll Chucky (voice of Brad Dourif). After being salvaged from the evidence morgue by his ex-girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) and a corrupt cop, Chucky is put back in action when Tiffany sews his pieces back together and works a voodoo spell to revive his sinister self. Tiffany sees her dreams of marriage aren't working out, so she keeps Chucky locked away. After an escape, Chucky electrocutes Tiffany by pushing a radio into the bathtub, delivering a chant that puts the spirit of Tiffany into a bridal figurine. Chucky's amulet can switch them back into their original human forms, so they head for New Jersey where the amulet is buried -- putting cops in motion, along with car-crash carnage.	R	Action and Adventure Horror	Ronny Yu	Don Mancini	19981016	19990323	As with the first three films in the series, it is more a showcase for puppetry and animatronics than for acting or directing...	3/5	rotten	John R. McEwen	0	Film Quips Online	20030208
A deliciously nasty black comedy, Heathers is set at a cliquish high school in Ohio. The most exclusive of those cliques is the Heathers, comprised of the prettiest and most popular girls in town. The group's leader is the manipulative Kim Walker, who orchestrates the humiliation of anyone who fails to meet her standards. Eventually, Heathers member Winona Ryder begins to exhibit a conscience; together with her hardcase boyfriend Christian Slater, Ryder plots to avenge all the unfortunate victims of the group. Before long, Heather (Kim Walker) ends up dead along with Kurt and Ram, with poignant suicide notes posted near their bodies.	R	Comedy Cult Movies Drama	Michael Lehmann	Daniel Waters	19880601	19990330		4/5	fresh	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20030130
From masters of horror Blumhouse Productions- producer of THE PURGE, INSIDIOUS and SINISTER franchises- THE LAZARUS EFFECT follows a group of researchers led by Frank (Mark Duplass) and his fianc	PG-13	Horror	David Gelb	Luke Dawson|Jeremy Slater	20150227	20150616	...the film's few sparks of originality and charisma are stamped out by a script and a director who refuses to take any genuine chances with the subject material.	5/10	rotten	Nathanael Hood	0	The Young Folks	20150416
Directed by six-time Academy Award (R) nominee Peter Weir, THE WAY BACK is an epic story of survival, solidarity and indomitable human will. Shot in Bulgaria, Morocco and India, the film stars Jim Sturgess (Across the Universe, The Other Boleyn Girl), Ed Harris (Appaloosa) and Colin Farrell (In Bruges) as prisoners of a Soviet Union labor camp, who, along with four others, flee their Siberian Gulag and begin a treacherous journey across thousands of miles of hostile terrain. Academy Award (R) nominee Saoirse Ronan (Atonement, The Lovely Bones) and Mark Strong (Body of Lies, RocknRolla) co-star. Written by Weir and Keith Clarke, the film is Peter's first since 2003's Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. It is inspired by the acclaimed book The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom, as well as first-person accounts and anecdotes as told to, and researched by Weir and executive producer Clarke. Produced by Joni Levin, Peter Weir, Duncan Henderson (Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World) and Nigel Sinclair (Terminator 3: Salvation), THE WAY BACK is an Exclusive Media Group, National Geographic Entertainment and ImageNation Abu Dhabi presentation and an Exclusive Films production. Keith Clarke, John Ptak, Guy East, Simon Oakes, Tobin Armbrust, Jake Eberts, Edward Borgerding, Mohamed Khalaf, Adam Leipzig, Scott Rudin and Jonathan Schwartz are Executive Producers. The film's Co-Producer is Roee Sharon Peled and Co-Executive Producer is Alex Brunner. Weir has assembled an accomplished group of filmmakers with whom he has previously collaborated, including Academy Award (R) winning Director of Photography Russell Boyd (Master and Commander, The Year of Living Dangerously, Gallipoli), Film Editor Lee Smith (Master and Commander, as well as The Dark Knight, for which he received an Academy Award (R) nomination), Production Designer John Stoddart (Fearless, The Mosquito Coast) and Costume Designer Wendy Stites, Oscar (R) nominated for Master and Commander and with credits on nine Weir films. -- (C) New Market Films	PG-13	Drama	Peter Weir		20110121	20110422	The movie's grueling, inspiring, astonishing to look at. You come out feeling you've traveled half the planet. As ordeal movies go, though, this one's oddly easy to shake off.	3/4	fresh	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20110120
A handful of kids stranded without their parents is determined to make the most of a bad situation in this comedy. It's Christmas Eve, and Oliver Porter (Lewis Black), the passenger relations manager at a busy airport in the Midwest, is looking forward to spending Christmas in Hawaii with his wife after 15 years in a row working on the busy Yuletide holiday. However, fate conspires against him when a massive snowstorm sweeps in and all flights are canceled. Porter suddenly has to deal with a number of stranded passengers, including six tween-age kids who are each flying unaccompanied from one divorced parent to another -- spoiled little rich girl Grace (Gina Mantegna), geeky but likable Spencer (Dyllan Christopher), his pesky little sister Katy (Dominique Saldana), plus-size comic book fan Beef (Brett Kelly), grumpy tomboy Donna (Quinn Shephard), and bright but mischievous Charlie (Tyler James Williams). With his hands full and determined to make his way to the islands, Porter puts his assistant Zach Van Bourke (Wilmer Valderrama) in charge of the kids. Zach doesn't care for this assignment and the kids don't care for him, and before long they've escaped from the basement conference room where he's stashed them and turned the airport into their playground. Unaccompanied Minors also features Paget Brewster, Rob Corddry and Teri Garr.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Feig	Mya Stark|Jacob Meszaros	20061208	20070807	The film wastes the talents of such funny people as Lewis Black and Teri Garr, as well as cast members from TV's Arrested Development, The Office, The Daily Show and Kids in the Hall.	1.5/4	rotten	Jeff Vice	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20061208
Independent filmmaker Debra Granik makes her feature debut with the drama Down to the Bone, based on her award-winning short Snake Feed. Vera Farmiga stars as Irene, a working-class mother living in upstate New York. She struggles to keep her marriage together and raise two sons while keeping her cocaine addiction a secret. Hoping to make a change in her life, she tries to kick her drug habit. However, this proves even more difficult with the oncoming winter and a developing affair. Also starring Hugh Dillon and Clint Jordan, Down to the Bone premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2004.	R	Drama	Debra Granik	Debra Granik|Richard Lieske	20051125	20061031	It's the opposite of most films about drugs vs. life because it puts life up front.	3.5/4	fresh	Joshua Tanzer	0	Offoffoff	20040612
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	It's very satisfying when a movie manages to generate some discussion, and makes one want to know more about its source of inspiration. [Full review in Spanish]	3.5/4	fresh	Sebastian Zavala	0	Cinencuentro	20180130
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	In terms of sheer spectacle alone, War of the Worlds is a winner. If this movie doesn't help stop or turn around the box-office slide of the past few months, then Hollywood really is in big trouble.	3/4	fresh	Peter Howell	1	Toronto Star	20050629
This psychological thriller from screenwriter Patrick Smith Kelly reunites him with his A Perfect Murder (1998) star Michael Douglas. Dr. Nathan Conrad (Douglas) is a respected adolescent therapist faced with a nightmarish scenario when his young daughter (Skye McCole Bartusiak) is snatched by Koster (Sean Bean), a criminal with a talent for high-tech surveillance. Conrad learns that the kidnapper is desperate for a critical piece of information known only to Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), one of his catatonic pro bono patients. While his wife Aggie (Famke Janssen) remains at home, bedridden due to a broken leg, Conrad races to unlock the secret stored in Elisabeth's fractured mind, while a New York City detective (Jennifer Esposito) inches closer to discovering the Conrads' dilemma. Don't Say a Word co-stars Oliver Platt and Guy Torry and is directed by Gary Fleder, who follows up his suspense smash Kiss the Girls (1997).	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Gary Fleder	Patrick Kelly|Anthony Peckham	20010928	20020219	The heart of the movie is dull.	B-	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20010927
A sophisticated and moving comedy, THE EXTRA MAN follows Louis Ives (Paul Dano), a lonely dreamer who fancies himself the hero of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel... When a deeply embarrassing incident forces him to leave his job at an exclusive Princeton prep school, Louis heads to New York City to make a fresh start. He quickly finds a nine-to-five job at an environmental magazine, where he encounters an entrancing, green-obsessed co-worker Mary (Katie Holmes). But it's Louis' new home life that really sparks his imagination. He rents a room in the ramshackle apartment of Henry Harrison (Kevin Kline), a penniless, wildly eccentric but brilliant playwright. When Henry's not dancing alone to obscure music or singing operettas, he's performing - with great panache - the duties of an extra man, a social escort for the wealthy widows of Manhattan high society. These two men, separated in age by more than forty years, develop a volatile mentor/apprentice relationship. Through a series of urban adventures where they encounter everything from a leaping lion to a wildly jealous hirsute neighbor, from drunken nonagenarians to a shady Swiss hunchback, Louis and Henry form a memorable bond that bridges their differences.-- (C) Magnolia	R	Comedy	Robert Pulcini|Shari Springer Berman	Robert Pulcini|Jonathan Ames|Shari Springer Berman	20100730	20101116	Harrison's life is a quest only for pleasure, and Kline and Dano definitely provide it, even if their arc is short and shallow. See it for Kevin.	4/5	fresh	Karina Montgomery	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20101001
Brian DePalma directed this taut thriller, set in Atlantic City, where a corrupt cop investigates a political assassination. Outside an Atlantic City arena-hotel-casino, a TV news reporter stands in a pre-hurricane storm to report on the heavyweight boxing match about to begin inside. A transition to the stadium interior focuses on Atlantic City homicide Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage), a father with a wife and son, yet also a dishonest cop who maintains a mistress and cheerfully accepts bribes. DePalma's Steadicam follows Santoro on a fast-paced tour of the stadium as the laughing, yelling detective travels stairs and hallways, talks to a gal with a between-rounds placard, visits the dressing room of champ Lincoln Tyler (Stan Shaw), rides down an escalator to squeeze money from a small-time hood, enters the arena of 14,000 fight fans, talks on his phone with his girlfriend and wife, and sits ringside next to his lifelong buddy, Navy Cmdr. Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise). Behind Dunne, the U.S. Secretary of Defense Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani) is seated alongside billionaire casino owner Gilbert Powell (John Heard). As the fight gets underway, Dunne abandons his position protecting the defense chief to pursue a suspicious redhead. From his ringside vantage point, Santoro has a close view of the champ, curiously conscious despite taking a kayo punch. At that moment, an assassin fires at Kirkland. Santoro immediately concocts a good cover story for his pal (to explain why Dunne left his post protecting Kirkland). Just after the shooting, Dunne kills a Palestinian extremist, the apparent killer, and Santoro orders the stadium doors locked, hoping he can locate other suspects among the fleeing crowd. One such is Julia Costello (Carla Gugino), an injured woman in a blond wig who spoke with Kirkland seconds before the gunfire. After a video replay reveals the champ took a fall, going down to the floor from a punch that never touched him, Santoro becomes more curious and suspicious, comparing witness accounts, and he attempts to locate Julia, convinced she's the key to truth behind the assassination. As it all comes to a head, Santoro peels through successive layers of corruption, ultimately confronting himself in a self-examination of his own values. Filmed at Montreal's old Forum.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian DePalma	Brian DePalma|David Koepp	19980807	19990216	I don't think that there's anything in this film that really doesn't work.	3.5/4	fresh	Kevin N. Laforest	0	Montreal Film Journal	20020910
Ridley Scott directs the crime comedy Matchstick Men, based on the novel of the same name by Eric Garcia. Neurotic con man Roy (Nicolas Cage) suffers from several emotional problems, including obsessive-compulsive disorder. He and his partner Frank (Sam Rockwell) swindle people out of money by posing as money collectors who promise things like tax refunds, package vacations, and other fabulous prizes (which they never get). Frank wants to pull a really big job, but Roy is too consumed with fear and panic attacks to join him. Only cigarettes and his trusty illegal prescription drugs seem to keep him going. When Roy finds himself in desperate need of more pills, he is forced to see legitimate psychotherapist Dr. Klein (Bruce Altman). Roy ends up talking about his emotional damage from a troubled marriage and divorce, which results in the discovery of a child whom he has never met. Dr. Klein suggests that he spend a weekend with the kid, so in walks teenaged Angela (played by twentysomething Alison Lohman). Reluctant to develop his role as a father, Roy also gets heavily involved in Frank's ambitious swindle.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Ridley Scott	Nicholas Griffin|Ted Griffin	20030912	20040601	Wildly entertaining.	3.5/4	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	St. Paul Pioneer Press	20030912
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	It's Hopkins' impersonation of the larger-than-life title figure that holds the movie together. 	3/4	fresh	James Berardinelli	1	ReelViews	20121120
Popular bogeymen Jason Voorhees terrorizes a group of nubile astronauts five centuries into the future in this sci-fi update of the Friday the 13th franchise. Early in the 21st century, Jason (actor/stunt man Kane Hoddar, filling the role for a fourth time) is experimented upon by army technocrats who hope to turn his supernatural invulnerability into a military application. Most of them meet a swift and bloody end -- except Rowan (Lexa Doig), a beautiful functionary, who traps the killer in a cryogenic stasis chamber. Unfortunately, she takes a machete blow in the process, gets frozen herself, and wakes up on a spaceship in the year 2455. The earth has long since been rendered uninhabitable, but the survivors include a group of archaeological students headed by Professor Lowe (Jonathan Potts), who hopes to make a quick buck by selling the corpse of the historical serial killer. The kids re-animate Rowan with the help of nanotechnology. Little do they know that a mere thaw job is enough to resuscitate Jason and reawaken his bloodthirst. Soon, the comely students and their space-marine protectors are being dispatched one by one. Help arrives in the form of a holographic chamber and an android named Kay-Em 14 (Lisa Ryder). Soon, though, Jason himself gets an upgrade -- just as the spaceship is getting ready to self-destruct. The tenth installment in the long-running horror series, Jason X was the first new entry to appear in almost a decade. In fact, the previous film, 1993's Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday, was one of two installments whose titles erroneously contained the word final.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	James Isaac	Todd Farmer	20020426	20040601	Almost entertaining in it's campy stupidity.	C-	rotten	Audrey Rock-Richardson	0	Tooele Transcript-Bulletin (Utah)	20020530
Two young people with little in common are thrown together under unusual circumstances in this offbeat drama directed by Clara Law, who made a number of well-received films in Hong Kong before emigrating to Australia. Yoshiyashi (Rikiya Kurokawa) is an expert computer hacker and snake enthusiast who travels to Australia from his home in Tokyo to buy the car of his dreams -- a perfectly restored 1967 Citroen DS. However, when Yoshiyashi arrives at the home of the man selling the car, he makes a shocking discovery -- the owner has killed his wife and turned the gun on himself, leaving behind Deidre (Rose Byrne), the man's niece, who is both blind and emotionally unstable. As it turns out, the Citroen is still for sale, but now Yoshiyashi must make his deal with one of the man's relatives, who lives a five-day drive away. Yoshiyashi brings Deidre along for the ride, who in the course of the trip learns a lot about Yoshiyashi's studied cool, while he gets clearer perspective on the troubled past behind her impulsive eccentricity. The Goddess of 1967 was shown in competition at the 2000 Venice and Toronto film festivals.	NR	Comedy Drama Romance	Clara Law	Clara Law|Eddie L C Fong|Eddie Ling-Ching Fong	20000510	20070327	You may be surprised to find yourself revisiting key scenes for days afterwards.	2.5/4	fresh	Andrew Howe	0	eFilmCritic.com	20010522
Michelle Pfeiffer is Married to the Mob in this comedy. The wife of Mafia hitman Alec Baldwin, Pfeiffer regularly chastizes her husband for his underhanded line of work. Baldwin refuses to entertain any thoughts of quitting the mob-and besides, he's got a good thing going with Nancy Travis, the promiscuous girl friend of gang boss Dean Stockwell. When Stockwell catches on to Travis' peccadilloes, he murders both his mistress and the unlucky Baldwin. At Baldwin's funeral, Stockwell is overwhelmed by Pfeiffer's beauty, and immediately begins plying her with expensive gifts. But Pfeiffer is through with this sort of thing, and with her young son in tow, she leaves town, hoping to start life anew. Upon making the acquaintance of bumbling, seemingly sincere Matthew Modine, Pfeiffer is convinced that Modine is just another mob flunkey. But it's even worse: Modine is an FBI agent, ordered to get to Stockwell by using Pfeiffer as bait. Reluctantly (he's grown quite fond of her himself), Modine blackmails Pfeiffer into setting up a rendezvous with Stockwell.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Jonathan Demme		19880819	20000613	Very amusing trifle from when Demme still had a personality	4/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20021002
One of the most expensive films ever produced in China, the historical action epic Dragon Blade takes place during the Han Dynasty. The story centers on the commander of the Protection Squad of the Western Regions (Jackie Chan), who joins forces with Roman general Lucius (John Cusack) to protect China's sovereignty as power-crazed Tiberius (Adrien Brody) seeks to defeat Lucius once and for all.	R	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Daniel Lee	Daniel Lee	20150904	20151222	Botched promise abounds, starting with the wasted potential of John Cusack's Roman and Jackie Chan's Chinese guard uniting against Brody's evil Tiberius.	2/5	rotten	Kevin Harley	0	Total Film	20161212
RJ Stevens left behind his modest Southern upbringing and family name to transform into a self-help guru dispensing his Team of Me philosophy to millions of adoring fans. With a reality-TV-star fianc	PG-13	Comedy			20080208	20080617	Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins feels like a rudimentary retread of previously outrageous black attack farces... needlessly cluttered, unfocused and pointless...	2/4	rotten	Frank Ochieng	0	World Voice News	20080219
Produced by MTV Films, The Perfect Score is a teen crime comedy about a group of high school students who decide to steal the answers to the SAT exam. Kyle (Chris Evans) wants to be an architect, but his scores are too low to get into the school of his choice. Matty (Bryan Greenberg) is heartbroken when he is rejected from the school to which his girlfriend goes. Good girl Anna (Erika Christensen) is pressured by her parents to excel in academics and remain innocent. Desmond (Darius Miles) is a basketball player who believes the SAT exam is racist. Rounding out the group is gutsy Francesca (Scarlett Johansson) and lonely Roy (Leonardo Nam).	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian Robbins	Mark Schwahn|Marc Hyman|Jon Zack	20040130	20040629	Why must MTV stiffle the real talents of Brian Robbins?	2.5/5	rotten		0	Film Snobs	20040202
David Wagner is a Nineties kid with a Fifties addiction. He's hooked on reruns of a classic television show called Pleasantville, set in a simple place where everyone is swell and perky, confrontation is a dirty word and life is pleasingly pleasant. Addicted to this utopian world, David immerses himself in Pleasantville as an innocent escape from the trouble-plagued real world that he must share with his ultra-hip, totally popular twin sister, Jennifer. But one evening, life takes a bizarre twist when a peculiar repairman gives him a strange remote control, which zaps David and his sister straight into Pleasantville. All the repressed desires of life in the Fifties begin to boil up through the people of Pleasantville, changing their lives in strange and wonderful ways that none of them had even dared to dream of, until they were visited by two kids from the real world.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gary Ross	Gary Ross	19981023	19990323		2/4	rotten		1	USA Today	20000101
When the Addams family welcomes a new baby, they hire a devious nany, Cussack, who falls in love with and marries Fester. Her true intentions are revealed as a serial killer who marries wealthy men but she is no match for the insanity of the Addams.	PG-13	Comedy Horror	Barry Sonnenfeld	Paul Rudnick	19931119	20000222	Cheers to Christina Ricci, but I hope her contract doesn't demand another sequel. She deserves better.	5/10	rotten	Scott Renshaw	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	It's all outrageous and patently stereotypical but Brewer and the actors invest these representations with everything they have. It's great to see Jackson working hard here to create a character instead of simply Superflying a bunch of snakes on a plane.	3.5/5	fresh	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20070301
1970s-era DC antihero Jonah Hex makes his way to the big screen as co-screenwriters Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor (Crank, Gamer) team to follow the disfigured gunslinger and part-time bounty hunter on his biggest adventure yet. Supernatural elements combine with Western aesthetics to take viewers on a wild and bloody ride, with Josh Brolin leading the way as Hex and John Malkovich stepping into the villainous role of Turnbull. Jimmy Hayward (Horton Hears a Who) directs.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Western	Jimmy Hayward	Mark Neveldine|Brian Taylor	20100618	20101012	Why, in the name of all that is campy, can't a movie featuring a dynamite-loaded crossbow just have some fun?	2/4	rotten	Mark Dujsik	0	Sci-Fi Movie Page	20100618
Now graduated from college and out in the real world where it takes more than a cappella to get by, the Bellas return in Pitch Perfect 3, the next chapter in the beloved series that has taken in more than	PG-13	Comedy	Trish Sie	Mike White|Kay Cannon	20171222	20180320	As surprising and unlikely as it may seem, the third time is finally and most definitely the charm for this series.	3/4	fresh	Mark Dujsik	0	Mark Reviews Movies	20171222
London 1818: a secret love affair begins between 23 year old English poet, John Keats, and the girl next door, Fanny Brawne, an outspoken student of fashion. This unlikely pair started at odds; he thinking her a stylish minx, she unimpressed by literature in general. It was the illness of Keats's younger brother that drew them together. Keats was touched by Fanny's efforts to help and agreed to teach her poetry. By the time Fanny's alarmed mother and Keats's best friend Brown realized their attachment, the relationship had an unstoppable momentum. Intensely and helplessly absorbed in each other, the young lovers were swept into powerful new sensations, I have the feeling as if I were dissolving, Keats wrote to her. Together they rode a wave of romantic obsession that deepened as their troubles mounted. Only Keats's illness proved insurmountable.	PG	Drama Romance	Jane Campion	Jane Campion	20090515	20100126	Bright Star, a story of loss and love illustrated by poetry, seldom does more than gently move us. It is a fine film to look at and listen to but there are heights it fails to scale.	4/5	fresh	Derek Malcolm	0	London Evening Standard	20090515
Death once again shows he's determined to get what he wants in this teen-centric thriller. Wendy (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) is a high school student hanging out with her friends at an amusement park one night when they decide to ride on the roller coaster. Wendy, however, has a premonition that something horrible will happen, and finds a way to save herself shortly before the ride goes off the rails, killing most of its passengers, including her boyfriend, Jason (Jesse Moss), and best friend, Carrie (Gina Holden). However, while Wendy may have survived the night at the park, she soon discovers that a malevolent spirit is following her and her classmates as they begin dying in strange and horrible ways. Wendy learns that a series of snapshots taken that evening give clues to the mayhem that followed her pals, and she teams up with Kevin (Ryan Merriman), Carrie's sweetheart, to try to warn the potential victims about the fates soon to befall them. Final Destination 3 was directed and co-scripted by James Wong, who also helmed the first two films in the franchise.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Glen Morgan	20060210	20060725	The plot has more holes in it than the victims, but the shocks make up for the flaws. Don't think, just watch, and expect a wild ride.	3/4	fresh	Lisa Rose	1	Newark Star-Ledger	20060210
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	Not the best Bond movie ever but a very good one; a little darker but still unsettled as to what type overall it wants to be.	7/10	fresh	Jackie K. Cooper	0	jackiekcooper.com	20121122
Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (The Fault in Our Stars), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	Unlike in its predecessor, The Fault in Our Stars, the path to pubescent enlightenment in Paper Towns is more literal than existential, giving your tear ducts the night off at the cost of something a little deeper.	B	fresh	Kevin P. Sullivan	1	Entertainment Weekly	20150723
From the outer reaches of space to the small-town streets of suburbia, the hunt comes home in Shane Black's explosive reinvention of the Predator series. Now, the universe's most lethal hunters are stronger, smarter and deadlier than ever before, having genetically upgraded themselves with DNA from other species. When a young boy accidentally triggers their return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled science teacher can prevent the end of the human race.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Shane Black	Shane Black|Fred Dekker	20180914	20181127	If it bleeds, we can kill it, Arnie said of the original monster. Perhaps it's finally time to finally put this bleeding, limping series out of its misery for good.	2/5	rotten	Christopher Machell	0	CineVue	20180913
Battle of the Year is an international dance crew tournament that attracts all the best teams from around the world, but the Americans haven't won in fifteen years. Los Angeles Hip Hop mogul Dante (Alonso) wants to put the country that started the Sport back on top. He enlists his hard-luck friend Blake (Holloway), who was a championship basketball coach, to coach his team. Armed with the theory that the right coach can make any team champions, they assemble a Dream Team of all the best dancers across the country. With only three months until Battle of the Year, Blake has to use every tactic he knows to get twelve talented individuals to come together as a team if they're going to bring the Trophy back to America where it started. (c) Screen Gems	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Special Interest	Benson Lee		20130920	20131210	It's undeniable that the good-natured Afterschool Special vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round.	3/4	fresh	Jordan Hoffman	1	New York Daily News	20130919
When Francisco Manoel de Silva (Klaus Kinski) impregnates the three daughters of his plantation-owning employer, he is sent to West Africa to round up slaves. The irate land baron hopes the cynical and libidinous Francisco will meet certain death in the African jungles at the hands of hostile natives. Francisco instead manages to overthrow a mad monarch and set himself up as king. Despite enslaving the tribe, he shows signs of humanitarian benevolence. The character portrayed by Kinski in this feature is a cross between his insane portrayal in Aguirre and the comic madness in Fitzcarraldo. Francisco tries to escape from the natives when his employer swindles him and slavery is abolished. This fifth and final collaboration between director Herzog and Kinski is considered the weakest of the five features.	NR	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Werner Herzog	Werner Herzog	19871203	20001024	Flaws acknowledged, 'Cobra Verde' is a stunning, beautiful epic.	6	fresh	Jaime N. Christley	0	Apollo Guide	20010531
Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. The heroes embark upon a harrowing mission to save the world. To infiltrate the terrorist network, Team America recruits Gary Johnston, a rising star on Broadway to go undercover. Although initially reluctant to sacrifice his promising career, Gary realizes that his acting gift is needed for a higher cause. With the help of Team America leader Spotswoode and fellow members Chris, Sarah, Lisa and Joe, Gary slips into an arms dealer's hideout where he discovers that the terrorists' plot has already begun to unfold. From the pyramids of Cairo to the Panama Canal and finally to the palace of power-mad dictator Kim Jong-Il, Team America criss-crosses the globe on a desperate mission to preserve the very fabric of civilization.	R	Comedy Drama	Trey Parker	Trey Parker|Matt Stone|Pam Brady	20041011	20050517	As puppetry, Team America is stilted. As satire, it's gutless and lazy. And as comedy, it barely delivers laughs.	0/4	rotten	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20041015
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	One of those infamous 'based on a true story' movies in which just about everything is a lie.	2/4	rotten	Joe Baltake	0	Sacramento Bee	20040220
Like M	PG	Action and Adventure Classics Comedy Drama		Troy Kennedy Martin	19700623	20000801		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050218
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	Shepherd's script ... after going gooey, goes goofy.	2/4	rotten	Terry Lawson	1	Detroit Free Press	20020425
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	a sweet and sometimes painfully honest portrait of the interrelationships among four largely internal characters	3.5/4	fresh	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20110126
With writer Brian Kessler's (David Duchovny) contractual deadline for a book on serial killing fast approaching, he and girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) decide to embark on a cross-country tour of famous murder sites for inspiration. When the couple advertises for fellow travelers to help absorb expenses, the only response comes from greasy trailer park denizen Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Only too late do Brian and Carrie realize just how close to serial murderers they're about to get.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Dominic Sena	Tim Metcalfe|Stephen Levy	19930903	19971028		2/5	rotten	Susan Granger	0	www.susangranger.com	20070808
Actors Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes team up for the third time in this actioner that has them playing brothers working as subway cops for New York City transit. Their job is to curtail subway crime. They are also in hot pursuit of an arsonist. The brothers, are dramatically different. John (Snipes) is black, hyper-responsible, and very protective of the lily white and free-spirited Charlie (Harrelson). Irresponsible Charlie has a larcenous streak and secretly fantasizes about robbing the money train, the subway assigned to collect all the money gathered each day at each station throughout the city. He would use the loot to pay off his considerable gambling debts. The natural tension between the disparate twosome increases with the addition of Grace, their new partner. Eventually they decide to give it a go and attempt to rob the money train.	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joseph Ruben	David Loughery|Doug Richardson	19951122	20010522		3/4	fresh	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20020618
Hereafter tells the story of three people who are touched by death in different ways. George is a blue-collar American who has a special connection to the afterlife. On the other side of the world, Marie, a French journalist, has a near-death experience that shakes her reality. And when Marcus, a London schoolboy, loses the person closest to him, he desperately needs answers. Each on a path in search of the truth, their lives will intersect, forever changed by what they believe might -- or must -- exist in the hereafter.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Peter Morgan	20101022	20110315	Depicted as a bunch of glowing shadows shuffling around in a blue haze, the hereafter might be the world's last smoking lounge.	2.5/4	rotten	Mike Ward	0	Richmond Times-Dispatch	20101023
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	Even at its most ludicrous, Black Snake Moan stays somehow believable. You think, 'I can't believe I'm buying this,' but the fact remains, you're buying it.	B+	fresh	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20070305
In this sequel to the Academy Award -winning hit, everyone's favorite hero, Babe, sets off on a journey that takes him to a far away storybook city where he encounters an incredible assortment of animal friends and learns how a kind and steady heart can heal a sorry world.	G	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	George Miller	Dick-King Smith|Judy Morris|Mark Lamprell	19981125	19990504		3.5/4	fresh	Marty Mapes	0	Movie Habit	20020821
Mao's Last Dancer is the inspiring true story of Li Cunxin and his extraordinary journey from a poor upbringing in rural China to international stardom as a world-class ballet dancer. Based on the best selling autobiography, the film weaves a moving tale about the quest for freedom and the courage it takes to live your own life. It compellingly captures the struggles, sacrifices and triumphs, as well as the intoxicating effects of first love and celebrity amid the pain of exile.	PG	Art House and International Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Bruce Beresford	Jan Sardi	20100820	20110503	A dynamic and captivating bio-drama of a gifted young ballet dancer from communist China and his quest for respect, love, and a new life of freedom.	4/5	fresh		0	Spirituality and Practice	20100816
Onetime Dallas Cowboy Peter Gent's tell-all novel about the big business of football is the source for Ted Kotcheff's film, which explores the destructive world faced by NFL players both on and off the field.	R	Comedy Drama Sports and Fitness	Ted Kotcheff	Peter Gent|Ted Kotcheff|Frank Yablans	19790803	20010130		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20020806
Between giving up his super powers, confronting criminals from outer space, and having problems with his girlfriend, it's a bad time to be the Man of Steel in this sequel to the 1978 blockbuster. When terrorists threaten to destroy Paris with a thermonuclear device as they hold reporter Lois Lane (Margot Kidder) hostage, Superman (Christopher Reeve) comes to the rescue and flings the weapon into space. However, its blast outside the earth's orbit awakens Zod (Terence Stamp), Ursa (Sarah Douglas), and Non (Jack O'Halloran), three villains from Superman's home planet of Krypton who were exiled to outer space for their crimes. Zod and his partners arrive on Earth and use their powers in a bid to take over the U.S., and then the world. However, when Lois realizes that mild mannered Clark Kent and Superman are actually the same person, he brings her to his Fortress of Solitude, where his decision to marry Lois costs him his remarkable strength. Without his super powers, how can Superman vanquish Zod and save the world? Gene Hackman, Ned Beatty, Susannah York, and Jackie Cooper return from the first film, which was shot at the same time as parts of the sequel.	PG	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Lester|Richard Donner	Mario Puzo|David Newman|Leslie Newman	19810619	20010501	Superman II is a marvelous toy.	4/5	fresh	Janet Maslin	1	New York Times	20040830
The life of a miner's son in Northern England is forever changed one day when he stumbles upon a ballet class on his way to boxing lessons. Joining the class and keeping it a secret from his widowed father and overbearing brother, 11-year-old Billy finds himself in dance, demonstrating the kind of raw talent seldom seen by the class's exacting instructor, Mrs. Wilkinson. She encourages him to try out for the Royal Ballet. But when his father and brother find out and forbid him to continue, Billy is torn between his responsibility to his family and to the gift with which he has been blessed. His overwhelming desire to dance has become much more to him that simply a means of self-expression. It is his passion and it is his destiny.	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Stephen Daldry	Lee Hall	20001103	20010417	Julie Walters ... is spirited and colorful as the ballet teacher, and Gary Lewis is somehow convincing as the dad even when the screenplay requires him to make big offscreen swings of position.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
Based on the inspiring true story of West High School girls' volleyball team. After the loss of the school's star player, Caroline Line Found, in an accident, the remaining team players must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hope of winning the state championship.	PG	Drama	Sean McNamara	David Aaron Cohen|Elissa Matsueda	20180406	20180731	The Miracle Season is an inspiring family film but there is no draw except word of mouth. If those entertained spread the word then this little film could find its audience.	7/10	fresh	Jackie K. Cooper	0	jackiekcooper.com	20180413
Rose Troche (Go Fish) directed this British romantic comedy with various gay characters in London. Impish Darren (Tom Hollander) urges lonely Leo (Kevin McKidd of Trainspotting) to get a more active social life, as does neighbor Angie (Julie Graham). When friend Adam (Christopher Fulford) gets Leo to join the therapy group run by New Age-styled guru Keith (Simon Callow), Leo meets good-looking Irishman Brendan (James Purefoy), who's just ending a lengthy relationship with his business partner, Sally (Jennifer Ehle). Sally just happens to be Leo's high-school sweetheart. It's not long before Leo and Brendan pair off. Shown in the Market section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.	NR	Comedy Romance	Rose Troche	Robert Farrar	19990528	20000822		1.5/5	rotten	Christopher Null	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
The grim futility of the war between Bosnia and Serbia is reduced to its essence as two enemy soldiers are forced to share a wary trust for one another in this drama. A group of Bosnian soldiers are advancing upon Serbian territory during a misty night when the fog lifts at daybreak, making them plainly visible to their enemy. Serb forces open fire upon them, and soon only Chiki (Brancko Djuric) is still alive, after diving into a trench in no man's land. Two Serbian soldiers scouting the area set up a land mine using the body of a Bosnian soldier as bait; if moved, the mine will jump into the air and explode. Chiki watches as the soldiers set the trap, and furious at the disrespect to his fallen comrades, he kills one of the Serbs, and takes the other, Nino (Rene Bitorajac), hostage. With both soldiers alone and equally armed, they find themselves at a stalemate, and begin trying to attract help from either side. Eventually, the two men are found by a squadron of French soldiers attached to a U.N. peacekeeping unit; now held by supposedly neutral forces, Chiki and Nino are with the French troops when it's discovered that the dead Bosnian soldier isn't dead after all, though no one is sure how to disarm the mine without killing him in the process. No Man's Land was the debut feature from Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanovic.	R	Art House and International Drama	Danis Tanovic	Danis Tanovic	20011221	20020409		A-	fresh	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20020918
Two ferociously ambitious sisters, Mary and Anne Boleyn, are rivals for the bed and heart of the 16th century English king Henry VIII.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Justin Chadwick	Peter Morgan	20080229	20080610	The talented cast is largely wasted.	C-	rotten	Chris Farnsworth	0	E! Online	20080228
This Academy Award-nominated classic, voted one of the American Film Institute's top 100 Films Of All Time, features the coming of age of four teenagers on their last summer night before college. Rediscover drag racing, Inspiration Point and drive-ins all over again in this nostalgic look back at the early '60s. The incredible soundtrack brings you the most memorable rock 'n' roll hits of the era. Directed by George Lucas and produced by Francis Ford Coppola, this classic stars Harrison Ford, Richard Dreyfuss, Ron Howard, Suzanne Somers, Cindy Williams, Wolfman Jack and Mackenzie Phillips. Capture the heart of America's last age of innocence with American Graffiti.	PG	Comedy Drama	George Lucas	George Lucas|Gloria Katz|Willard Huyck	19730801	19980915	...the ultimate nostalgia movie of all time ...	4/5	fresh	Brad Laidman	0	Film Threat	20051206
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	Lanie, who suggests a blow-dried human Q-tip, is so jarring on the eyes, it's difficult to concentrate on the story.	1.5/5	rotten	Desson Thomson	1	Washington Post	20020426
The best-selling suspense novel by late author Robert Ludlum comes to the screen for a second time, following a 1988 made-for-TV movie. Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne, a barely alive amnesiac with a pair of bullet wounds in his back, pulled from the Mediterranean by Italian fishermen. Bourne's only clue to his own identity is a bank account number etched on a capsule implanted in his body. He quickly finds the Zurich bank where money, a gun, and a few identification documents await, but after he's pursued by security goons at the American consulate, Bourne realizes he can trust no one and offers a German gypsy named Marie (Franka Potente) ten thousand dollars for a ride to Paris. Encountering more professional killers bent on his destruction, Bourne discovers that he possesses a surprising degree of skill in combat, martial arts, and linguistics -- handy talents that clearly indicate his past includes work as a spy and assassin, but for whom? With Marie's reluctant help, Bourne edges closer to the truth, something CIA officials want concealed at all costs. The Bourne Identity co-stars Chris Cooper, Clive Owen, Brian Cox, and Julia Stiles.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Doug Liman	Tony Gilroy|William Blake Herron	20020614	20030121	There isn't a dull or dumb moment in this movie.	4/5	fresh	Desson Thomson	1	Washington Post	20020614
Aki Kaurismaki's The Man Without a Past opens with the title character (Markku Peltola) being savagely beaten. At the hospital he is declared dead, but he sits up and walks out on his own power. He is taken in by a mother and her two sons, discovers an old jukebox that inspires local musicians, and discovers he has skills as a welder. When he becomes unwittingly involved in a bank robbery, and the man is unable to give the police his name, the cops send out feelers trying to figure out the man's identity. Soon his wife appears. The Man Without a Past was screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival where it was awarded the Grand Prix, the most storied prize after the Palme D'Or.	PG	Art House and International Comedy Drama			20020830	20031007	The problem is, the humour of the material does not combine as well as it should with the filmmaking style. The method is absurdist, and so are the characters, and there's nothing straight to play off.	2.5/4	rotten	Ian Waldron-Mantgani	0	UK Critic	20030302
Planet 51 is a galactic-sized animated alien adventure comedy revolving around American astronaut Captain Charles Chuck Baker, who lands on Planet 51 thinking he's the first person to step foot on it. To his surprise, he finds that this planet is inhabited by little green people who are happily living in a white picket fence world reminiscent of a cheerfully innocent 1950s America, and whose only fear is that it will be overrun by alien invaders...like Chuck	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Jorge Blanco	Joe Stillman	20091120	20100309	This simply doesn't have the right stuff.	2/5	rotten	Kevin Williamson	0	Jam! Movies	20091120
From filmmaker Andrew Stanton comes John Carter-a sweeping action-adventure set on the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars). John Carter is based on a classic novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, whose highly imaginative adventures served as inspiration for many filmmakers, both past and present. The film tells the story of war-weary, former military captain John Carter (Taylor Kitsch), who is inexplicably transported to Mars where he becomes reluctantly embroiled in a conflict of epic proportions amongst the inhabitants of the planet, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and the captivating Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). In a world on the brink of collapse, Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. -- (C) Walt Disney	PG-13	Action and Adventure Horror Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrew Stanton|Mark Atkins	Mark Atkins|Mark Andrews|Michael Chabon|Andrew Stanton	20120309	20120605	It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release.	1/4	rotten	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20120308
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	Throughout, Bardem ... is a potent presence.	3/5	fresh	Annlee Ellingson	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20030310
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	...a performance beautifully coloured with varying shades of emotion that also makes clever use of [Moore's] porcelain looks to evoke the vulnerability of the eponymous Alice.	3/5	fresh	Stella Papamichael	0	Digital Spy	20150305
Titanic shipmates Kathy Bates, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Kate Winslet step onboard for director Sam Mendes' tale of suburban malaise in 1950s-era Connecticut. Adapted from the classic 1961 novel by author Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road tells the tale of a young Connecticut couple whose once-idealistic relationship steadily deteriorates into a ceaseless cycle of petty jealousy and bickering as they strive to retain their independence in the conformity-obsessed world of picket fences and perfectly manicured lawns. Ever since they first met, Frank (DiCaprio) and April (Winslet) saw themselves as special and different. They strive to form their relationship around higher ideals, though upon moving into their new home on Revolutionary Road, the defiant couple pledges never to be confined by the social conventions of the era. As time passes, however, Frank and April gradually become the very thing that they both feared most -- a typical suburban family complete with abandoned dreams and faded hopes. Frank loses his nerve after taking a comfortable job with a reliable salary, and April morphs into an unsatisfied homemaker desperate for passion and excitement. But April's independent spirit hasn't been suffocated just yet, and when she hatches a plan to head for Paris, her need to escape at all costs stands in direct contrast to Frank's desire to hold on to what they already have.	R	Drama	Sam Mendes	Justin Haythe	20081215	20090602	Revolutionary Road hits theaters at the height of Oscar season. That doesn't mean it's Oscar worthy.	2/4	rotten	Christian Toto	0		20090102
In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance. From this moment on, their lives become webs of deceit and exposure, secrets and revelations, as they feud to outwit and destroy one another. Their rivalry takes them both to the peak of their careers, but with terrible consequences.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan|Christopher Nolan	20061020	20070220	It's a battle that's played out every day at recess in kids' imaginations: Who would win in a fight between Batman and Wolverine?	3/4	fresh	Phil Villarreal	0	Arizona Daily Star	20061019
The musicians of the Buena Vista Social Club exposed the world to Cuba's vibrant culture with their landmark 1997 album. Now, against the backdrop of Cuba's captivating musical history, hear the band's story as they reflect on their remarkable careers and the extraordinary circumstances that brought them together.	PG	Documentary	Lucy Walker		20170526	20170912	This movie should be of great interest to Cubaphiles, music fans, cultural historians and anyone with eyes, ears and a pulse.	3/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20170525
Loretta Lynn was one of the first female superstars in country music and remains a defining presence within the genre; with her strong, clear, hard-country voice and tough, no-nonsense songs about husbands who cheat and wives who weren't about to be pushed around, Lynn introduced a feminist mindset to Nashville years before the phrase women's liberation became common currency. Coal Miner's Daughter is a screen adaptation of Lynn's autobiography, starring Sissy Spacek as Loretta Lynn. One of eight children born to Ted Webb (Levon Helm), a coal miner raising a family despite grinding poverty in Butcher's Holler, KY, Loretta married Dolittle Mooney Lynn (Tommy Lee Jones) when she was only 13 years old. A mother of four by the time she was 20, Lynn began singing the occasional song at local honky-tonks on weekends, and at 25, she cut (at Mooney's suggestion) a demo tape that earned her a deal with an independent record label. Loretta and Mooney's tireless promotion of the record (including a long road trip through the south in which they stopped at every country radio station they could find) paid off -- Loretta's first single, Honky Tonk Girl, hit the charts and earned her a spot on the Grand Ole Opry. Stardom called and Loretta never looked back, but success brought with it both joy (a long string of hit records and sold-out concerts and a close friendship with Patsy Cline) and sorrow (a nervous breakdown brought on by overwork and a great deal of stress to a marriage that endured -- but just barely). Sissy Spacek won an Academy award for her vivid, thoroughly natural performance as Loretta (she also did her own singing), and Levon Helm (drummer for the legendary rock group the Band) made an impressive screen debut as her father. Ernest Tubb makes a cameo appearance as himself.	PG	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Michael Apted	Tom Rickman|Thomas Rickman	19800307	20030506	The movie isn't great art, but it has been made with great taste and style; it's more intelligent and observant than movie biographies of singing stars used to be.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20041023
Versatile Canadian comedian Martin Short plays a 10-year old boy in this comedy aimed at younger audiences. The tale is told in flashback to another little boy. Clifford is a manipulative brat. Clifford really wants to visit Dinosaur World in Los Angeles. Clifford wants to go so badly that he manages to force the Hawaii bound plane he and his parents are on to land in L.A. His parents need to attend a convention in Hawaii so they leave him with his Uncle Martin who despises children. Martin's fiance adores kids, so he pretends to be ecstatic about Clifford's visit. He must also pretend that Clifford is the angel child he isn't. Because Martin reneges on a promise to take him to Dinosaur World, Clifford begins an elaborate plot for revenge.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Flaherty	Will Aldis|Jay Dee Rock|Steven Kampmann|Bobby Vonhayes	19940401	20040302		4/5	fresh	Blake French	0	NutzWorld	20031104
Fate brings a childless couple a bundle of joy -- who happens to have a criminal record -- in this comedy directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. Calvin Simms (Marlon Wayans) is a master criminal who with the help of his friend and sidekick, Percy (Tracy Morgan), plans a daring robbery of a museum where one of the world's largest diamonds is on display. One of reasons Calvin is able to get inside secure areas is his size -- Calvin is dwarf who stands less than two feet tall, and can slip in unnoticed where more conventionally sized people would not. While Calvin is able to get the diamond, he's nearly caught by the police while making his getaway, and stashes the jewel in a bag carried by a passerby. Eager to recover the diamond from the unwitting accomplice, Calvin and Percy figure out a way to get into his house -- they dress Calvin up as a baby, and leave him on the doorstep of the passerby's home. As it happens, the couple who live there (Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington) have been wanting to have a baby, and they eagerly take the new arrival under their wing, embracing the joys of parenthood while ignoring some of the toddler's unusual behavior.	PG-13	Comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	Keenen Ivory Wayans|Shawn Wayans|Marlon Wayans	20060714	20061107	Thanks to the wonder of digital technology, Marlon's head was spliced onto the body of a dwarf actor, thus accomplishing what certainly will go down in history as one of the more profound cinematic achievements of our time.	D+	rotten	Winda Benedetti	0	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	20060713
Curious filmgoers looking to get better acquainted with the silver screen's most notorious cannibalistic serial killer are sure to get their fair share of shocks and thrills as director Peter Webber teams with author Thomas Harris to explore the early life of well-read psychopath Hannibal Lecter. Based on author Harris' gruesome novel of the same name, Hannibal Rising travels back in time to World War II-era Lithuania, where an impressionable, well-to-do young boy named Hannibal (Gaspard Ulliel) was forced to watch helplessly as his family was massacred and his young sister suffered a terrifying fate at the hands of desperate, famished soldiers. After seeking temporary shelter at the Soviet orphanage that was once his family's home, Hannibal later flees to Paris in search of his long-lost uncle. Though his uncle has passed away, his uncle's beautiful Japanese widow, Lady Murasaki (Gong Li), warmly accepts the frightened orphan into her home. But even the love and kindness of this generous stranger isn't enough to calm the raging storm that is brewing inside this troubled young boy. Plagued by nightmares and determined to seek vengeance on the murderous war criminals who brutalized his family, the profoundly disturbed but academically gifted Hannibal enrolls in medical school in order to hone the skills that will allow him to exact horrific justice.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Peter Webber	Thomas Harris	20070209	20070529	It can't sell the idea that Gaspard Ulliel's Hannibal is ever going to mature into Hopkins' complex monster, and without that, it's just a slick exercise in futility.	2.5/5	rotten	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20070214
The directorial debut of filmmaker Jared Hess, who also co-wrote the screenplay, Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky, offbeat comedy set in the small Idaho town of Preston. Jon Heder stars in the titular role, a carrot-topped oddball with a decidedly eccentric family that includes his llama-loving, dune-buggy enthusiast grandmother. The story centers on the local high school's race for class president. Using some nontraditional means, Napoleon is determined to help his pal Pedro (Efrem Ramirez) run a winning campaign and defeat popular girl Summer (Haylie Duff). Also starring The Drew Carey Show's Diedrich Bader, Napoleon Dynamite premiered at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival.	PG	Comedy	Jared Hess	Jared Hess|Jerusha Hess	20040611	20041221	Writer-director Jared Hess tries for John Hughes by way of the Coen Brothers, but only comes up with one dull, unfunny non-sequitur after another.	1/4	rotten	Joe Lozito	0	Big Picture Big Sound	20071227
Chinese director Zhang Yimou fuses a martial arts action-drama with a tragic romance in this elegant period piece. In the year 859 A.D., as the Tang dynasty is beset by rebellion, Leo (Andy Lau) and Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro) are a pair of lawmen who have been given the task of ferreting out the leaders of a revolutionary faction known as the Flying Daggers. Working on a tip that members of the group are working out of a brothel called the Peony Pavilion, Jin arrives there in disguise and is introduced to a beautiful blind dancer named Mei (Zhang Ziyi). After watching Mei's performance following several drinks, Jin drunkenly attempts to have his way with her, and Leo is forced to intervene. After gaining Mei's trust in a game of skill, Leo arrests her and informs her that she'll be tortured if she doesn't tell all she knows about the Flying Daggers. Jin responds by helping Mei break out of prison, but he has an ulterior motive -- by following her, Leo and Jin are certain she'll lead them to the Flying Daggers. However, as he helps the blind girl find her way back home, Jin finds himself falling in love with Mei, and isn't certain if he's willing to betray her again.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Yimou Zhang	Feng Li|Bin Wang|Yimou Zhang	20041203	20050329	For all the action, it's the human element that elevates House of Flying Daggers to lofty heights.	4/4	fresh	Sean P. Means	0	Salt Lake Tribune	20050114
John Hughes crafts an exemplary '80s Brat Pack romance out of the standard Cinderella story in Pretty in Pink. Andie Walsh (Molly Ringwald) is a teenager who lives in the dingy part of town with her terminally underemployed dad (Harry Dean Stanton). She works at a record store with eccentric Ionia (Annie Potts) and is considered a misfit at her uppity high school, but somehow she rises above them all. Her oddball best friend, Duckie (Jon Cryer), is hopelessly in love with her, so he causes trouble for her romantic pursuits. When local rich kid Blaine (Andrew McCarthy) develops a fascination with her, they go out on a date together. Visiting the home bases of each social clique, they are basically ridiculed for their audacity to date one another. When Blaine eventually asks the delighted Andie to the prom, he is threatened by his rich friend Steff (James Spader). The romance versus high school social politics finally culminates at the big night of the prom.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Howard Deutch	John Hughes	19860228	20020820		3/5	fresh	Cole Smithey	0	ColeSmithey.com	20051114
Louis Gossett Jr. stars in Sidney J. Furie's preposterous reactionary blockbuster Iron Eagle. The story concerns the 18-year-old Doug Masters (Jason Gedrick), the son of jet fighter pilot Ted Masters (Tim Thomerson). Ted's plane is shot down in the Middle East and he is sentenced to be executed by terrorists. When Doug asks the U.S. government and the Air Force for help in rescuing his father, they are unwilling to do anything. Doug goes to see one of Ted's old Air Force buddies, Chappy (Louis Gossett Jr.) and he helps the boy take an F-16 and they head to the Middle East, blowing up oil refineries and airports, insisting that Ted be released from captivity.	PG-13	Action and Adventure			19860117	20010522	This couldn't even excite me as a kid. A bad film.	0/5	rotten	Alex Sandell	0	Juicy Cerebellum	20030921
A misplaced sausage and his savory friends embark on an existential adventure through the aisles of a massive supermarket in this raunchy animated comedy from Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. As the store's annual 4th of July sale draws near, the perishable pals must return to their rightful places on the shelves before the customers come flooding in to fill their carts. Conrad Vernon (Monsters vs. Aliens) takes the helm for this Sony Pictures/AnnaPurna Pictures co-production penned by Rogen, Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ariel Shaffirwhich.	R	Animation Comedy	Conrad Vernon|Greg Tiernan	Kyle Hunter|Ariel Shaffir|Seth Rogen|Evan Goldberg	20160812	20161108	A hilarious, vulgar, crude, smutty film that will have you snickering at jokes you'd like to think that you're above.	8/10	fresh	Andrew Pollard	0	Starburst	20180411
In the tradition of Amblin classics where fantastical events occur in the most unexpected places, Jack Black and two-time Academy Award (R) winner Cate Blanchett star in THE HOUSE WITH A CLOCK IN ITS WALLS, from Amblin Entertainment. The magical adventure tells the spine-tingling tale of 10-year-old Lewis (Owen Vaccaro) who goes to live with his uncle in a creaky old house with a mysterious tick-tocking heart. But his new town's sleepy fa	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Eli Roth	Eric Kripke	20180921	20181127	The plot and themes don't really measure up but it is fun, largely because of the matter-of-fact brand of wit dispensed by Blanchett and Black and the young fogeyish appeal of Vaccaro's Lewis.	3.5/5	fresh	Sandra Hall	0	Sydney Morning Herald	20180921
Wine merchant Alex Gates seems to have it all: a fancy shop, a beautiful wife, Suzanne, a sexy Latin mistress, Gabriella, and a hot car. He enjoys the best vintages of the goods he sells. In truth, Alex Gates' finances are stretched to the limit, his marriage is in a shambles and his relationship with his stepson Jason is toxic. Alex's business caters to a wealthy clientele, whose riches prove all too seductive: particularly a certain	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bob Rafelson|George Bud Davis	Bob Rafelson|Nick Villiers|Alison Cross|Nick Villers	19970221	20060206		3/4	fresh		1	Globe and Mail	20020412
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	Bwooklyn Meg sounds a whole lot like Margot Kidder impersonating Phyllis Diller. The accent comes and goes, but it remains the most entertaining aspect of the entire movie.	2/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20040219
A comedy drama set on a Yorkshire chicken farm in 1950s England, the story follows the turbulent romance between Rocky the Rooster and Ginger the chicken, both of whom yearn for freedom and are planning a daring prisoner of war style escape. Both chickens are tired of being repressed and know they face an eventual certain death, so in planning their escape, they rally with their fellow chickens.	G	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Drama Kids and Family	Peter Lord|Nick Park	Jack Rosenthal|Karey Kirkpatrick	20000621	20001121	While the average chicken may hold as much interest to you as a dead duck, this film's chickens are well-defined characters that make you laugh, feel worry for them, and then laugh even more.	5/5	fresh	James Brundage	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	Revenge, mother-daughter bonds and the transformative power of clothes are the threads stitched deftly throughout Jocelyn Moorhouse's quirky Australian comedy drama, which induces tears as much as giggles.	3/5	fresh	Georgia Morgan	0	Liverpool Echo	20151230
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	Not a huge amount happens yet it is transfixing at times, largely a product of superbly moulded characters, gentle humour, refined performances and a charming devotion to human warmth.	4/5	fresh	Hilary A White	0	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	20160418
This beautifully drawn love story explores the bohemian underworld of war-torn London and the intimate complexities of two young couples whose lives and loves become dangerously intertwined.	R	Drama Romance	John Maybury	Sharman MacDonald	20080515	20090714	Unfortunately, like the murky visuals, the story is also muddled.	C+	rotten	Peter Paras	0	E! Online	20090422
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	Selma, the latest in a long string of strong biopics out over the last year, deserves your undivided attention.	4.5/5	fresh	Elias Savada	0	Film Threat	20150107
In this John Hughes film, spoiled, self-centered Doyle (Ethan Randall) is traveling home from his classy prep school to spend Thanksgiving with his mother, Natalie (JoBeth Williams), in Chicago. However, when his mother's unsophisticated boyfriend, Dutch (Ed O'Neill), arrives to ferry him home, the two develop an intense hatred of one another that they must work out on the long drive to Chicago.	PG-13	Comedy	Peter Faiman	John Hughes	19910719	20050322	Warmed-up John Huges pap. Not even the hard-working Ed O'Neill can save the day.	2/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020727
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	A star-studded heist flick that calls to mind some of the eclectic director's most popular work even if it falters a bit at the end.	3/4	fresh	Sonny Bunch	0	Washington Free Beacon	20170818
For thirteen extraordinary days in October of 1962, the world stood on the brink of an unthinkable catastrophe. Across the globe, people anxiously awaited the outcome of a harrowing political, diplomatic and military confrontation that threatened to end in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union. The alarming escalation of events during those fateful days brought to the fore such public figures as Robert McNamara, Adlai Stevenson, Theodore Sorenson, Andrei Gromyko, Anatoly Dobrynin, McGeorge Bundy, Dean Acheson, Dean Rusk, and General Curtis LeMay. In addition many others -- politicians, diplomats and soldiers -- were on the front line of the showdown. In Thirteen Days, we see all of these people, -- and, above all -- President John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby, through the eyes of a trusted presidential aide and confidante, Kenneth P. O'Donnell.	PG-13	Drama	Roger Donaldson	David Self	20001225	20010710	The story is so gripping and the ensemble performances so dominating that Donaldson really manages to disguise the fact that the movie is just a succession of conversations between middle-aged white men.	3/4	fresh	Jon Niccum	0	Lawrence Journal-World	20020907
Ken Loach directs Sweet Sixteen, a gritty drama about a young man slowly succumbing to a life of crime. Liam (Martin Compson) hopes that his imprisoned mother (Michelle Coulter) will be free by his 16th birthday. Hoping to help his mother escape her abusive heroin-dealing boyfriend (Gary McCormack), Liam rats him out to the cops. Liam's sister, Chantelle (Annmarie Fulton), suggests that a new trailer park might be a better place for their mother to live. With the help of his best friend, Pinball (William Ruanne), Liam sells the boyfriend's supply in order to raise the money, but this gets him into trouble with gangsters whose turf he was selling in. Soon Liam is on the way up in the criminal world, but that success comes with a toll. The accents in this Scottish-set film are so thick that English subtitles are used throughout. Sweet Sixteen was screened in competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama	Ken Loach	Paul Laverty	20030516	20031007		4/5	fresh	Mark Halverson	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20080807
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	As a boxing movie, Against the Ropes is perfunctory... As a biopic, it's likewise uninspired stuff.	3/4	rotten	Jami Bernard	1	New York Daily News	20040220
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	[I]n terms of pure beauty, Memoirs of a Geisha is among the most gorgeous films ever created, a magnificent cherry blossom of a movie, evoking the lovely mysteries of geisha life.	9/10	fresh	Jack Garner	0	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	20051227
A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Like David O. Russell's previous films, American Hustle defies genre, hinging on raw emotion, and life and death stakes. (c) Sony	R	Drama			20131220	20140318	It joins the pantheon of great con job movies with The Sting, House of Games and Wild Things.	5/5	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	New England Movies Weekly	20131219
Columnist Steve Lopez is at a dead end. The newspaper business is in an uproar, his marriage to a fellow journalist has fallen apart and he can't entirely remember what he loved about his job in the first place. Then, one day, while walking through Los Angeles' Skid Row, he sees the mysterious bedraggled figure Nathaniel Ayers, pouring his soul into a two-stringed violin. At first, Lopez approaches Ayers as just another story idea in a city of millions. But as he begins to unearth the mystery of how this alternately brilliant and distracted street musician, once a dynamic prodigy headed for fame, wound up living in tunnels and doorways, it sparks an unexpected quest. Imagining he can change Ayers' life, Lopez embarks on a quixotic mission to get him off the streets and back to the world of music. But even as he fights to save Ayers' life, he begins to see that it is Ayers--with his unsinkable passion, his freedom-loving obstinacy and his valiant attempts at connection and love--who is profoundly changing Lopez.	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Joe Wright	Susannah Grant	20090424	20090804	It feels like a puzzle with some significant pieces missing.	C	rotten	Tasha Robinson	1	AV Club	20090501
While vacationing in the Pacific Northwest, the Henderson clan's dad, George (John Lithgow); mom, Nancy (Melinda Dillon); daughter, Sarah (Margaret Langrick); and son, Ernie (Joshua Rudoy), accidently run over a strange animal with their car, and when they get out to see what it is, they find the seemingly dead body of a hairy Bigfoot-type monster (Kevin Peter Hall). Believing that the creature is a grizzly bear, the Hendersons take it home, planning to stuff the beast and put it on display in their living room. Predictably, the hirsute monster revives and is adopted by the family as a pet. Originally conceived as a TV series by comedian Brad Garrett, Harry and the Hendersons ultimately did make it to the small screen as a weekly syndicated sitcom in 1990, with Kevin Peter Hall repeating the title role during the series' first 24 episodes.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	William Dear		19870605	20070424		2/5	rotten	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20050208
The story of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and its aftermath are the subject of this sometimes iconoclastic but always passionate religious drama. On its initial release, the film was the center of a notable controversy, thanks to protests from fundamentalists objecting to the film's unconventional depiction of Jesus.	R	Drama	Martin Scorsese	Paul Schrader	19880812	20000425	There is a God in the film, and it pursues Jesus throughout.	4/4	fresh	Jeremiah Kipp	0	Slant Magazine	20030919
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214		C	rotten	Nell Minow	0	Movie Mom	20120218
A overgrown mama's boy who hasn't found the courage to take flight from the nest gets a little help from the girl of his dreams in the one comedy that proves it's never to late to strike out on your own. Tripp (Matthew McConaughey) may have hit 30, but that doesn't mean that he's ready to give up the many benefits of living at home with mom (Kathy Bates) and dad (Terry Bradshaw). His desperate parents have had enough, though, and after years of gentle nudging they soon realize that it's going to take a concerted effort to get Tripp out and enjoy their twilight years in peace. Realizing that their only hope for ridding themselves of their reluctant-to-leave offspring rides on the off-chance of his meeting the ideal female companion, mom and dad enlist the help of a beautiful and talented woman (Sarah Jessica Parker) in providing the romantic incentive needed to finally get their son out of the family home.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Tom Dey		20060310	20060627	Tom Dey directs with all the energy of a cook flipping burgers at Jack in the Box.	2/5	rotten	Jim Lane	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20060512
I ORIGINS, the second feature film from writer and director Mike Cahill, tells the story of Dr. Ian Gray (Michael Pitt), a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the eye. He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman (Astrid Berg	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Mike Cahill	Mike Cahill	20140718	20141209	The film doesn't rush to solve the mystery of whether Ian the skeptic is discovering a new realm of spiritual activity or merely grasping at coincidence and magical thinking.	2/4	rotten	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20140724
In this adaptation of the novel The Price of Salt by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes.	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	Blanchett is a naturally theatrical actress, unafraid of being dramatic. Because of this, she sometimes seems out of place in a realistic context. But Carol plays to her strengths.	3.5/4	fresh	Sheila O'Malley	1	RogerEbert.com	20151120
New York City, not-too-distant-future: Eric Packer, a 28 year-old finance golden boy dreaming of living in a civilization ahead of this one, watches a dark shadow cast over the firmament of the Wall Street galaxy, of which he is the uncontested king. As he is chauffeured across midtown Manhattan to get a haircut at his father's old barber, his anxious eyes are glued to the yuan's exchange rate: it is mounting against all expectations, destroying Eric's bet against it. Eric Packer is losing his empire with every tick of the clock. Meanwhile, an eruption of wild activity unfolds in the city's streets. Petrified as the threats of the real world infringe upon his cloud of virtual convictions, his paranoia intensifies during the course of his 24-hour cross-town odyssey. Packer starts to piece together clues that lead him to a most terrifying secret: his imminent assassination. -- (C) Official Site	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Cronenberg	David Cronenberg|Don DeLillo	20120817	20130101	David Cronenberg's North by Northwest	4/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20120822
Love Ranch is a bittersweet love story that turns explosive when the players in a romantic triangle lose control and cross the line. Set in the late-1970s, the film depicts larger than life personalities living on the edge, Grace Bontempo and Charlie Bontempo, the husband and wife team who own and run Nevada's first legalized brothel. Their lives are suddenly altered when Armando Bruza, a husky, world famous heavy weight boxer from South America is brought to the Ranch to train as part of Charlie's ever-expanding entrepreneurial empire. Plans quickly go awry when Bruza comes between Grace and Charlie as an unforeseen love triangle develops that erupts into uncontrollable passion and murder.	R	Drama	Taylor Hackford	Mark Jacobson	20100630	20101109	With two great, ideally cast actors and such potentially fascinating subject matter, why does Love Ranch feel like a clumsy TV movie?	C-	rotten	Nathan Rabin	1	AV Club	20100630
