When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	The story is as straight and obvious as raw spaghetti.	1/4	rotten	Kyle Smith	1	New York Post	20100514
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	Streep and Eastwood's chemistry makes the film.	4/5	fresh	Angie Errigo	0	Empire Magazine	20130731
"FROGS FOR SNAKES is a neo-noir comic thriller centering on the hopes and ambitions of a motley ensemble of New York theater actors, who moonlight as illegal money collectors. Eva, the only group member with genuine acting ability and common sense, is fed up with the pretense of this twisted underworld and dreams of leaving town with her five-year-old son, Augie. She yearns to move to the suburbs and simply ""be."" Eva's soul mate in this strange, incestuous community is Quint, who owns the diner where she waitresses. In the meantime, Eva supports herself and her son by making collections for a loan shark, who just happens to be her ex-husband, Al Santana. Al, the gang's ""boss"", also fancies himself a theatrical impresario. He plans to stage a production of David Mamet's American Buffalo and has already cast two of the three male parts. Naturally, everyone wants a part, particularly the coveted role of Teach, in this classic production. Al is confronted by his driver/hitman/actor UB who is desperate for a role. He tells Al, ""I f"	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Mystery and Suspense	Amos Poe	Amos Poe	19990521	19991019		2.5/5	rotten	Marc Savlov	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
This is a romantic comedy set in Paris about a family that goes there because of business, and two young people who are engaged to be married in the fall have experiences there that change their lives. It's about a young man's great love for a city, Paris, and the illusion people have that a life different from theirs would be much better. It stars Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates, Carla Bruni, among others. -- (C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	20110610	20111220	Woody Allen's beleaguered heroes have never been reluctant to indulge in a little fantasy to get what they want.	B+	fresh	Chris Vognar	1	Dallas Morning News	20110602
"After being denied a promotion at the university where she teaches, Doctor Lily Penleric, a brilliant musicologist, impulsively visits her sister, who runs a struggling rural school in Appalachia. There she stumbles upon the discovery of her life -- a treasure trove of ancient Scots-Irish ballads, songs that have been handed down from generation to generation, preserved intact by the seclusion of the mountains. With the goal of securing her promotion, Lily ventures into the most isolated areas of the mountains to collect the songs and finds herself increasingly enchanted -- not only by the rugged purity of the music, but also by the raw courage and endurance of the local people as they carve out meaningful lives against the harshest conditions. It is not, however, until she meets Tom -- a handsome, hardened war veteran and talented musician -- that she's forced to examine her motivations. Is the ""Songcatcher,"" as Tom insists, no better than the men who exploit the people and extort their land?"	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Romance	Maggie Greenwald	Maggie Greenwald	20010629	20011023	Tall, big-boned Janet McTeer ... is the ideal actress to play Lily Penleric.	3/4	fresh	Edward Guthmann	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20010802
In this romantic comedy, New York sportswriter Sam Craig becomes incensed at comments about the uselessness of sports made by foreign correspondent Tess Harding. Sam and Tess subsequently use their respective columns to carry on a feud -- at least, until they finally meet face to face.	NR	Classics Comedy Romance	George Stevens		19420119	19970827	One of the best Tracy-Hepburn movies	4/5	fresh	Lori Hoffman	0	Atlantic City Weekly	20050105
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	This is it -- this is James Bond in all of his glory -- in what easily ranks up there with the best Bond films of them all.	4/4	fresh	Jeremy Wheeler	0	TV Guide	20121108
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	I liked The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, but I wanted to love it.	3/4	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	St. Paul Pioneer Press	20081224
This horror film, directed by Ronnie Yu, marked a return (after an eight-year lapse) of Chucky and the Child's Play series that began in 1988. At the moment of his death, the spirit of former serial killer Charles Lee Ray was mystically relocated in the doll Chucky (voice of Brad Dourif). After being salvaged from the evidence morgue by his ex-girlfriend Tiffany (Jennifer Tilly) and a corrupt cop, Chucky is put back in action when Tiffany sews his pieces back together and works a voodoo spell to revive his sinister self. Tiffany sees her dreams of marriage aren't working out, so she keeps Chucky locked away. After an escape, Chucky electrocutes Tiffany by pushing a radio into the bathtub, delivering a chant that puts the spirit of Tiffany into a bridal figurine. Chucky's amulet can switch them back into their original human forms, so they head for New Jersey where the amulet is buried -- putting cops in motion, along with car-crash carnage.	R	Action and Adventure Horror	Ronny Yu	Don Mancini	19981016	19990323	As with the first three films in the series, it is more a showcase for puppetry and animatronics than for acting or directing...	3/5	rotten	John R. McEwen	0	Film Quips Online	20030208
A deliciously nasty black comedy, Heathers is set at a cliquish high school in Ohio. The most exclusive of those cliques is the Heathers, comprised of the prettiest and most popular girls in town. The group's leader is the manipulative Kim Walker, who orchestrates the humiliation of anyone who fails to meet her standards. Eventually, Heathers member Winona Ryder begins to exhibit a conscience; together with her hardcase boyfriend Christian Slater, Ryder plots to avenge all the unfortunate victims of the group. Before long, Heather (Kim Walker) ends up dead along with Kurt and Ram, with poignant suicide notes posted near their bodies.	R	Comedy Cult Movies Drama	Michael Lehmann	Daniel Waters	19880601	19990330		4/5	fresh	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20030130
From masters of horror Blumhouse Productions- producer of THE PURGE, INSIDIOUS and SINISTER franchises- THE LAZARUS EFFECT follows a group of researchers led by Frank (Mark Duplass) and his fianc	PG-13	Horror	David Gelb	Luke Dawson|Jeremy Slater	20150227	20150616	...the film's few sparks of originality and charisma are stamped out by a script and a director who refuses to take any genuine chances with the subject material.	5/10	rotten	Nathanael Hood	0	The Young Folks	20150416
Directed by six-time Academy Award (R) nominee Peter Weir, THE WAY BACK is an epic story of survival, solidarity and indomitable human will. Shot in Bulgaria, Morocco and India, the film stars Jim Sturgess (Across the Universe, The Other Boleyn Girl), Ed Harris (Appaloosa) and Colin Farrell (In Bruges) as prisoners of a Soviet Union labor camp, who, along with four others, flee their Siberian Gulag and begin a treacherous journey across thousands of miles of hostile terrain. Academy Award (R) nominee Saoirse Ronan (Atonement, The Lovely Bones) and Mark Strong (Body of Lies, RocknRolla) co-star. Written by Weir and Keith Clarke, the film is Peter's first since 2003's Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. It is inspired by the acclaimed book The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom, as well as first-person accounts and anecdotes as told to, and researched by Weir and executive producer Clarke. Produced by Joni Levin, Peter Weir, Duncan Henderson (Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World) and Nigel Sinclair (Terminator 3: Salvation), THE WAY BACK is an Exclusive Media Group, National Geographic Entertainment and ImageNation Abu Dhabi presentation and an Exclusive Films production. Keith Clarke, John Ptak, Guy East, Simon Oakes, Tobin Armbrust, Jake Eberts, Edward Borgerding, Mohamed Khalaf, Adam Leipzig, Scott Rudin and Jonathan Schwartz are Executive Producers. The film's Co-Producer is Roee Sharon Peled and Co-Executive Producer is Alex Brunner. Weir has assembled an accomplished group of filmmakers with whom he has previously collaborated, including Academy Award (R) winning Director of Photography Russell Boyd (Master and Commander, The Year of Living Dangerously, Gallipoli), Film Editor Lee Smith (Master and Commander, as well as The Dark Knight, for which he received an Academy Award (R) nomination), Production Designer John Stoddart (Fearless, The Mosquito Coast) and Costume Designer Wendy Stites, Oscar (R) nominated for Master and Commander and with credits on nine Weir films. -- (C) New Market Films	PG-13	Drama	Peter Weir		20110121	20110422	The movie's grueling, inspiring, astonishing to look at. You come out feeling you've traveled half the planet. As ordeal movies go, though, this one's oddly easy to shake off.	3/4	fresh	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20110120
A handful of kids stranded without their parents is determined to make the most of a bad situation in this comedy. It's Christmas Eve, and Oliver Porter (Lewis Black), the passenger relations manager at a busy airport in the Midwest, is looking forward to spending Christmas in Hawaii with his wife after 15 years in a row working on the busy Yuletide holiday. However, fate conspires against him when a massive snowstorm sweeps in and all flights are canceled. Porter suddenly has to deal with a number of stranded passengers, including six tween-age kids who are each flying unaccompanied from one divorced parent to another -- spoiled little rich girl Grace (Gina Mantegna), geeky but likable Spencer (Dyllan Christopher), his pesky little sister Katy (Dominique Saldana), plus-size comic book fan Beef (Brett Kelly), grumpy tomboy Donna (Quinn Shephard), and bright but mischievous Charlie (Tyler James Williams). With his hands full and determined to make his way to the islands, Porter puts his assistant Zach Van Bourke (Wilmer Valderrama) in charge of the kids. Zach doesn't care for this assignment and the kids don't care for him, and before long they've escaped from the basement conference room where he's stashed them and turned the airport into their playground. Unaccompanied Minors also features Paget Brewster, Rob Corddry and Teri Garr.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Feig	Mya Stark|Jacob Meszaros	20061208	20070807	The film wastes the talents of such funny people as Lewis Black and Teri Garr, as well as cast members from TV's Arrested Development, The Office, The Daily Show and Kids in the Hall.	1.5/4	rotten	Jeff Vice	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20061208
Independent filmmaker Debra Granik makes her feature debut with the drama Down to the Bone, based on her award-winning short Snake Feed. Vera Farmiga stars as Irene, a working-class mother living in upstate New York. She struggles to keep her marriage together and raise two sons while keeping her cocaine addiction a secret. Hoping to make a change in her life, she tries to kick her drug habit. However, this proves even more difficult with the oncoming winter and a developing affair. Also starring Hugh Dillon and Clint Jordan, Down to the Bone premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in 2004.	R	Drama	Debra Granik	Debra Granik|Richard Lieske	20051125	20061031	It's the opposite of most films about drugs vs. life because it puts life up front.	3.5/4	fresh	Joshua Tanzer	0	Offoffoff	20040612
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	It's very satisfying when a movie manages to generate some discussion, and makes one want to know more about its source of inspiration. [Full review in Spanish]	3.5/4	fresh	Sebastian Zavala	0	Cinencuentro	20180130
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	In terms of sheer spectacle alone, War of the Worlds is a winner. If this movie doesn't help stop or turn around the box-office slide of the past few months, then Hollywood really is in big trouble.	3/4	fresh	Peter Howell	1	Toronto Star	20050629
This psychological thriller from screenwriter Patrick Smith Kelly reunites him with his A Perfect Murder (1998) star Michael Douglas. Dr. Nathan Conrad (Douglas) is a respected adolescent therapist faced with a nightmarish scenario when his young daughter (Skye McCole Bartusiak) is snatched by Koster (Sean Bean), a criminal with a talent for high-tech surveillance. Conrad learns that the kidnapper is desperate for a critical piece of information known only to Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), one of his catatonic pro bono patients. While his wife Aggie (Famke Janssen) remains at home, bedridden due to a broken leg, Conrad races to unlock the secret stored in Elisabeth's fractured mind, while a New York City detective (Jennifer Esposito) inches closer to discovering the Conrads' dilemma. Don't Say a Word co-stars Oliver Platt and Guy Torry and is directed by Gary Fleder, who follows up his suspense smash Kiss the Girls (1997).	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Gary Fleder	Patrick Kelly|Anthony Peckham	20010928	20020219	The heart of the movie is dull.	B-	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20010927
"A sophisticated and moving comedy, THE EXTRA MAN follows Louis Ives (Paul Dano), a lonely dreamer who fancies himself the hero of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel... When a deeply embarrassing incident forces him to leave his job at an exclusive Princeton prep school, Louis heads to New York City to make a fresh start. He quickly finds a nine-to-five job at an environmental magazine, where he encounters an entrancing, green-obsessed co-worker Mary (Katie Holmes). But it's Louis' new home life that really sparks his imagination. He rents a room in the ramshackle apartment of Henry Harrison (Kevin Kline), a penniless, wildly eccentric but brilliant playwright. When Henry's not dancing alone to obscure music or singing operettas, he's performing - with great panache - the duties of an ""extra man"", a social escort for the wealthy widows of Manhattan high society. These two men, separated in age by more than forty years, develop a volatile mentor/apprentice relationship. Through a series of urban adventures where they encounter everything from a leaping lion to a wildly jealous hirsute neighbor, from drunken nonagenarians to a shady Swiss hunchback, Louis and Henry form a memorable bond that bridges their differences.-- (C) Magnolia"	R	Comedy	Robert Pulcini|Shari Springer Berman	Robert Pulcini|Jonathan Ames|Shari Springer Berman	20100730	20101116	Harrison's life is a quest only for pleasure, and Kline and Dano definitely provide it, even if their arc is short and shallow. See it for Kevin.	4/5	fresh	Karina Montgomery	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20101001
Brian DePalma directed this taut thriller, set in Atlantic City, where a corrupt cop investigates a political assassination. Outside an Atlantic City arena-hotel-casino, a TV news reporter stands in a pre-hurricane storm to report on the heavyweight boxing match about to begin inside. A transition to the stadium interior focuses on Atlantic City homicide Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage), a father with a wife and son, yet also a dishonest cop who maintains a mistress and cheerfully accepts bribes. DePalma's Steadicam follows Santoro on a fast-paced tour of the stadium as the laughing, yelling detective travels stairs and hallways, talks to a gal with a between-rounds placard, visits the dressing room of champ Lincoln Tyler (Stan Shaw), rides down an escalator to squeeze money from a small-time hood, enters the arena of 14,000 fight fans, talks on his phone with his girlfriend and wife, and sits ringside next to his lifelong buddy, Navy Cmdr. Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise). Behind Dunne, the U.S. Secretary of Defense Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani) is seated alongside billionaire casino owner Gilbert Powell (John Heard). As the fight gets underway, Dunne abandons his position protecting the defense chief to pursue a suspicious redhead. From his ringside vantage point, Santoro has a close view of the champ, curiously conscious despite taking a kayo punch. At that moment, an assassin fires at Kirkland. Santoro immediately concocts a good cover story for his pal (to explain why Dunne left his post protecting Kirkland). Just after the shooting, Dunne kills a Palestinian extremist, the apparent killer, and Santoro orders the stadium doors locked, hoping he can locate other suspects among the fleeing crowd. One such is Julia Costello (Carla Gugino), an injured woman in a blond wig who spoke with Kirkland seconds before the gunfire. After a video replay reveals the champ took a fall, going down to the floor from a punch that never touched him, Santoro becomes more curious and suspicious, comparing witness accounts, and he attempts to locate Julia, convinced she's the key to truth behind the assassination. As it all comes to a head, Santoro peels through successive layers of corruption, ultimately confronting himself in a self-examination of his own values. Filmed at Montreal's old Forum.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian DePalma	Brian DePalma|David Koepp	19980807	19990216	I don't think that there's anything in this film that really doesn't work.	3.5/4	fresh	Kevin N. Laforest	0	Montreal Film Journal	20020910
Ridley Scott directs the crime comedy Matchstick Men, based on the novel of the same name by Eric Garcia. Neurotic con man Roy (Nicolas Cage) suffers from several emotional problems, including obsessive-compulsive disorder. He and his partner Frank (Sam Rockwell) swindle people out of money by posing as money collectors who promise things like tax refunds, package vacations, and other fabulous prizes (which they never get). Frank wants to pull a really big job, but Roy is too consumed with fear and panic attacks to join him. Only cigarettes and his trusty illegal prescription drugs seem to keep him going. When Roy finds himself in desperate need of more pills, he is forced to see legitimate psychotherapist Dr. Klein (Bruce Altman). Roy ends up talking about his emotional damage from a troubled marriage and divorce, which results in the discovery of a child whom he has never met. Dr. Klein suggests that he spend a weekend with the kid, so in walks teenaged Angela (played by twentysomething Alison Lohman). Reluctant to develop his role as a father, Roy also gets heavily involved in Frank's ambitious swindle.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Ridley Scott	Nicholas Griffin|Ted Griffin	20030912	20040601	Wildly entertaining.	3.5/4	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	St. Paul Pioneer Press	20030912
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	It's Hopkins' impersonation of the larger-than-life title figure that holds the movie together. 	3/4	fresh	James Berardinelli	1	ReelViews	20121120
"Popular bogeymen Jason Voorhees terrorizes a group of nubile astronauts five centuries into the future in this sci-fi update of the Friday the 13th franchise. Early in the 21st century, Jason (actor/stunt man Kane Hoddar, filling the role for a fourth time) is experimented upon by army technocrats who hope to turn his supernatural invulnerability into a military application. Most of them meet a swift and bloody end -- except Rowan (Lexa Doig), a beautiful functionary, who traps the killer in a cryogenic stasis chamber. Unfortunately, she takes a machete blow in the process, gets frozen herself, and wakes up on a spaceship in the year 2455. The earth has long since been rendered uninhabitable, but the survivors include a group of archaeological students headed by Professor Lowe (Jonathan Potts), who hopes to make a quick buck by selling the corpse of the historical serial killer. The kids re-animate Rowan with the help of nanotechnology. Little do they know that a mere thaw job is enough to resuscitate Jason and reawaken his bloodthirst. Soon, the comely students and their space-marine protectors are being dispatched one by one. Help arrives in the form of a holographic chamber and an android named Kay-Em 14 (Lisa Ryder). Soon, though, Jason himself gets an upgrade -- just as the spaceship is getting ready to self-destruct. The tenth installment in the long-running horror series, Jason X was the first new entry to appear in almost a decade. In fact, the previous film, 1993's Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday, was one of two installments whose titles erroneously contained the word ""final."""	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	James Isaac	Todd Farmer	20020426	20040601	Almost entertaining in it's campy stupidity.	C-	rotten	Audrey Rock-Richardson	0	Tooele Transcript-Bulletin (Utah)	20020530
Two young people with little in common are thrown together under unusual circumstances in this offbeat drama directed by Clara Law, who made a number of well-received films in Hong Kong before emigrating to Australia. Yoshiyashi (Rikiya Kurokawa) is an expert computer hacker and snake enthusiast who travels to Australia from his home in Tokyo to buy the car of his dreams -- a perfectly restored 1967 Citroen DS. However, when Yoshiyashi arrives at the home of the man selling the car, he makes a shocking discovery -- the owner has killed his wife and turned the gun on himself, leaving behind Deidre (Rose Byrne), the man's niece, who is both blind and emotionally unstable. As it turns out, the Citroen is still for sale, but now Yoshiyashi must make his deal with one of the man's relatives, who lives a five-day drive away. Yoshiyashi brings Deidre along for the ride, who in the course of the trip learns a lot about Yoshiyashi's studied cool, while he gets clearer perspective on the troubled past behind her impulsive eccentricity. The Goddess of 1967 was shown in competition at the 2000 Venice and Toronto film festivals.	NR	Comedy Drama Romance	Clara Law	Clara Law|Eddie L C Fong|Eddie Ling-Ching Fong	20000510	20070327	You may be surprised to find yourself revisiting key scenes for days afterwards.	2.5/4	fresh	Andrew Howe	0	eFilmCritic.com	20010522
Michelle Pfeiffer is Married to the Mob in this comedy. The wife of Mafia hitman Alec Baldwin, Pfeiffer regularly chastizes her husband for his underhanded line of work. Baldwin refuses to entertain any thoughts of quitting the mob-and besides, he's got a good thing going with Nancy Travis, the promiscuous girl friend of gang boss Dean Stockwell. When Stockwell catches on to Travis' peccadilloes, he murders both his mistress and the unlucky Baldwin. At Baldwin's funeral, Stockwell is overwhelmed by Pfeiffer's beauty, and immediately begins plying her with expensive gifts. But Pfeiffer is through with this sort of thing, and with her young son in tow, she leaves town, hoping to start life anew. Upon making the acquaintance of bumbling, seemingly sincere Matthew Modine, Pfeiffer is convinced that Modine is just another mob flunkey. But it's even worse: Modine is an FBI agent, ordered to get to Stockwell by using Pfeiffer as bait. Reluctantly (he's grown quite fond of her himself), Modine blackmails Pfeiffer into setting up a rendezvous with Stockwell.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Jonathan Demme		19880819	20000613	Very amusing trifle from when Demme still had a personality	4/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20021002
One of the most expensive films ever produced in China, the historical action epic Dragon Blade takes place during the Han Dynasty. The story centers on the commander of the Protection Squad of the Western Regions (Jackie Chan), who joins forces with Roman general Lucius (John Cusack) to protect China's sovereignty as power-crazed Tiberius (Adrien Brody) seeks to defeat Lucius once and for all.	R	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Daniel Lee	Daniel Lee	20150904	20151222	Botched promise abounds, starting with the wasted potential of John Cusack's Roman and Jackie Chan's Chinese guard uniting against Brody's evil Tiberius.	2/5	rotten	Kevin Harley	0	Total Film	20161212
"RJ Stevens left behind his modest Southern upbringing and family name to transform into a self-help guru dispensing his ""Team of Me"" philosophy to millions of adoring fans. With a reality-TV-star fianc"	PG-13	Comedy			20080208	20080617	"Welcome Home Roscoe Jenkins feels like a rudimentary retread of previously outrageous ""black attack"" farces... needlessly cluttered, unfocused and pointless..."	2/4	rotten	Frank Ochieng	0	World Voice News	20080219
Produced by MTV Films, The Perfect Score is a teen crime comedy about a group of high school students who decide to steal the answers to the SAT exam. Kyle (Chris Evans) wants to be an architect, but his scores are too low to get into the school of his choice. Matty (Bryan Greenberg) is heartbroken when he is rejected from the school to which his girlfriend goes. Good girl Anna (Erika Christensen) is pressured by her parents to excel in academics and remain innocent. Desmond (Darius Miles) is a basketball player who believes the SAT exam is racist. Rounding out the group is gutsy Francesca (Scarlett Johansson) and lonely Roy (Leonardo Nam).	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian Robbins	Mark Schwahn|Marc Hyman|Jon Zack	20040130	20040629	Why must MTV stiffle the real talents of Brian Robbins?	2.5/5	rotten		0	Film Snobs	20040202
"David Wagner is a Nineties kid with a Fifties addiction. He's hooked on reruns of a classic television show called ""Pleasantville,"" set in a simple place where everyone is swell and perky, ""confrontation"" is a dirty word and life is pleasingly pleasant. Addicted to this utopian world, David immerses himself in ""Pleasantville"" as an innocent escape from the trouble-plagued real world that he must share with his ultra-hip, totally popular twin sister, Jennifer. But one evening, life takes a bizarre twist when a peculiar repairman gives him a strange remote control, which zaps David and his sister straight into Pleasantville. All the repressed desires of life in the Fifties begin to boil up through the people of Pleasantville, changing their lives in strange and wonderful ways that none of them had even dared to dream of, until they were visited by two kids from the real world."	PG-13	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gary Ross	Gary Ross	19981023	19990323		2/4	rotten		1	USA Today	20000101
When the Addams family welcomes a new baby, they hire a devious nany, Cussack, who falls in love with and marries Fester. Her true intentions are revealed as a serial killer who marries wealthy men but she is no match for the insanity of the Addams.	PG-13	Comedy Horror	Barry Sonnenfeld	Paul Rudnick	19931119	20000222	Cheers to Christina Ricci, but I hope her contract doesn't demand another sequel. She deserves better.	5/10	rotten	Scott Renshaw	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	It's all outrageous and patently stereotypical but Brewer and the actors invest these representations with everything they have. It's great to see Jackson working hard here to create a character instead of simply Superflying a bunch of snakes on a plane.	3.5/5	fresh	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20070301
1970s-era DC antihero Jonah Hex makes his way to the big screen as co-screenwriters Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor (Crank, Gamer) team to follow the disfigured gunslinger and part-time bounty hunter on his biggest adventure yet. Supernatural elements combine with Western aesthetics to take viewers on a wild and bloody ride, with Josh Brolin leading the way as Hex and John Malkovich stepping into the villainous role of Turnbull. Jimmy Hayward (Horton Hears a Who) directs.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Western	Jimmy Hayward	Mark Neveldine|Brian Taylor	20100618	20101012	Why, in the name of all that is campy, can't a movie featuring a dynamite-loaded crossbow just have some fun?	2/4	rotten	Mark Dujsik	0	Sci-Fi Movie Page	20100618
Now graduated from college and out in the real world where it takes more than a cappella to get by, the Bellas return in Pitch Perfect 3, the next chapter in the beloved series that has taken in more than	PG-13	Comedy	Trish Sie	Mike White|Kay Cannon	20171222	20180320	As surprising and unlikely as it may seem, the third time is finally and most definitely the charm for this series.	3/4	fresh	Mark Dujsik	0	Mark Reviews Movies	20171222
"London 1818: a secret love affair begins between 23 year old English poet, John Keats, and the girl next door, Fanny Brawne, an outspoken student of fashion. This unlikely pair started at odds; he thinking her a stylish minx, she unimpressed by literature in general. It was the illness of Keats's younger brother that drew them together. Keats was touched by Fanny's efforts to help and agreed to teach her poetry. By the time Fanny's alarmed mother and Keats's best friend Brown realized their attachment, the relationship had an unstoppable momentum. Intensely and helplessly absorbed in each other, the young lovers were swept into powerful new sensations, ""I have the feeling as if I were dissolving"", Keats wrote to her. Together they rode a wave of romantic obsession that deepened as their troubles mounted. Only Keats's illness proved insurmountable."	PG	Drama Romance	Jane Campion	Jane Campion	20090515	20100126	Bright Star, a story of loss and love illustrated by poetry, seldom does more than gently move us. It is a fine film to look at and listen to but there are heights it fails to scale.	4/5	fresh	Derek Malcolm	0	London Evening Standard	20090515
Death once again shows he's determined to get what he wants in this teen-centric thriller. Wendy (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) is a high school student hanging out with her friends at an amusement park one night when they decide to ride on the roller coaster. Wendy, however, has a premonition that something horrible will happen, and finds a way to save herself shortly before the ride goes off the rails, killing most of its passengers, including her boyfriend, Jason (Jesse Moss), and best friend, Carrie (Gina Holden). However, while Wendy may have survived the night at the park, she soon discovers that a malevolent spirit is following her and her classmates as they begin dying in strange and horrible ways. Wendy learns that a series of snapshots taken that evening give clues to the mayhem that followed her pals, and she teams up with Kevin (Ryan Merriman), Carrie's sweetheart, to try to warn the potential victims about the fates soon to befall them. Final Destination 3 was directed and co-scripted by James Wong, who also helmed the first two films in the franchise.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Glen Morgan	20060210	20060725	The plot has more holes in it than the victims, but the shocks make up for the flaws. Don't think, just watch, and expect a wild ride.	3/4	fresh	Lisa Rose	1	Newark Star-Ledger	20060210
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	Not the best Bond movie ever but a very good one; a little darker but still unsettled as to what type overall it wants to be.	7/10	fresh	Jackie K. Cooper	0	jackiekcooper.com	20121122
"Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (""The Fault in Our Stars""), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox"	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	Unlike in its predecessor, The Fault in Our Stars, the path to pubescent enlightenment in Paper Towns is more literal than existential, giving your tear ducts the night off at the cost of something a little deeper.	B	fresh	Kevin P. Sullivan	1	Entertainment Weekly	20150723
From the outer reaches of space to the small-town streets of suburbia, the hunt comes home in Shane Black's explosive reinvention of the Predator series. Now, the universe's most lethal hunters are stronger, smarter and deadlier than ever before, having genetically upgraded themselves with DNA from other species. When a young boy accidentally triggers their return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled science teacher can prevent the end of the human race.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Shane Black	Shane Black|Fred Dekker	20180914	20181127	"If it bleeds, we can kill it"", Arnie said of the original monster. Perhaps it's finally time to finally put this bleeding, limping series out of its misery for good."	2/5	rotten	Christopher Machell	0	CineVue	20180913
Battle of the Year is an international dance crew tournament that attracts all the best teams from around the world, but the Americans haven't won in fifteen years. Los Angeles Hip Hop mogul Dante (Alonso) wants to put the country that started the Sport back on top. He enlists his hard-luck friend Blake (Holloway), who was a championship basketball coach, to coach his team. Armed with the theory that the right coach can make any team champions, they assemble a Dream Team of all the best dancers across the country. With only three months until Battle of the Year, Blake has to use every tactic he knows to get twelve talented individuals to come together as a team if they're going to bring the Trophy back to America where it started. (c) Screen Gems	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Special Interest	Benson Lee		20130920	20131210	"It's undeniable that the good-natured ""Afterschool Special"" vibe here plays to the film's corny strengths, and the dancing is impressive. So much so that it's almost impossible not to cheer during the final round."	3/4	fresh	Jordan Hoffman	1	New York Daily News	20130919
When Francisco Manoel de Silva (Klaus Kinski) impregnates the three daughters of his plantation-owning employer, he is sent to West Africa to round up slaves. The irate land baron hopes the cynical and libidinous Francisco will meet certain death in the African jungles at the hands of hostile natives. Francisco instead manages to overthrow a mad monarch and set himself up as king. Despite enslaving the tribe, he shows signs of humanitarian benevolence. The character portrayed by Kinski in this feature is a cross between his insane portrayal in Aguirre and the comic madness in Fitzcarraldo. Francisco tries to escape from the natives when his employer swindles him and slavery is abolished. This fifth and final collaboration between director Herzog and Kinski is considered the weakest of the five features.	NR	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Werner Herzog	Werner Herzog	19871203	20001024	Flaws acknowledged, 'Cobra Verde' is a stunning, beautiful epic.	6	fresh	Jaime N. Christley	0	Apollo Guide	20010531
Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. The heroes embark upon a harrowing mission to save the world. To infiltrate the terrorist network, Team America recruits Gary Johnston, a rising star on Broadway to go undercover. Although initially reluctant to sacrifice his promising career, Gary realizes that his acting gift is needed for a higher cause. With the help of Team America leader Spotswoode and fellow members Chris, Sarah, Lisa and Joe, Gary slips into an arms dealer's hideout where he discovers that the terrorists' plot has already begun to unfold. From the pyramids of Cairo to the Panama Canal and finally to the palace of power-mad dictator Kim Jong-Il, Team America criss-crosses the globe on a desperate mission to preserve the very fabric of civilization.	R	Comedy Drama	Trey Parker	Trey Parker|Matt Stone|Pam Brady	20041011	20050517	As puppetry, Team America is stilted. As satire, it's gutless and lazy. And as comedy, it barely delivers laughs.	0/4	rotten	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20041015
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	One of those infamous 'based on a true story' movies in which just about everything is a lie.	2/4	rotten	Joe Baltake	0	Sacramento Bee	20040220
Like M	PG	Action and Adventure Classics Comedy Drama		Troy Kennedy Martin	19700623	20000801		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050218
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	Shepherd's script ... after going gooey, goes goofy.	2/4	rotten	Terry Lawson	1	Detroit Free Press	20020425
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	a sweet and sometimes painfully honest portrait of the interrelationships among four largely internal characters	3.5/4	fresh	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20110126
With writer Brian Kessler's (David Duchovny) contractual deadline for a book on serial killing fast approaching, he and girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) decide to embark on a cross-country tour of famous murder sites for inspiration. When the couple advertises for fellow travelers to help absorb expenses, the only response comes from greasy trailer park denizen Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Only too late do Brian and Carrie realize just how close to serial murderers they're about to get.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Dominic Sena	Tim Metcalfe|Stephen Levy	19930903	19971028		2/5	rotten	Susan Granger	0	www.susangranger.com	20070808
"Actors Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes team up for the third time in this actioner that has them playing brothers working as subway cops for New York City transit. Their job is to curtail subway crime. They are also in hot pursuit of an arsonist. The ""brothers,"" are dramatically different. John (Snipes) is black, hyper-responsible, and very protective of the lily white and free-spirited Charlie (Harrelson). Irresponsible Charlie has a larcenous streak and secretly fantasizes about robbing the money train, the subway assigned to collect all the money gathered each day at each station throughout the city. He would use the loot to pay off his considerable gambling debts. The natural tension between the disparate twosome increases with the addition of Grace, their new partner. Eventually they decide to give it a go and attempt to rob the money train."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joseph Ruben	David Loughery|Doug Richardson	19951122	20010522		3/4	fresh	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20020618
"""Hereafter"" tells the story of three people who are touched by death in different ways. George is a blue-collar American who has a special connection to the afterlife. On the other side of the world, Marie, a French journalist, has a near-death experience that shakes her reality. And when Marcus, a London schoolboy, loses the person closest to him, he desperately needs answers. Each on a path in search of the truth, their lives will intersect, forever changed by what they believe might -- or must -- exist in the hereafter."	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Peter Morgan	20101022	20110315	Depicted as a bunch of glowing shadows shuffling around in a blue haze, the hereafter might be the world's last smoking lounge.	2.5/4	rotten	Mike Ward	0	Richmond Times-Dispatch	20101023
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	Even at its most ludicrous, Black Snake Moan stays somehow believable. You think, 'I can't believe I'm buying this,' but the fact remains, you're buying it.	B+	fresh	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20070305
In this sequel to the Academy Award -winning hit, everyone's favorite hero, Babe, sets off on a journey that takes him to a far away storybook city where he encounters an incredible assortment of animal friends and learns how a kind and steady heart can heal a sorry world.	G	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	George Miller	Dick-King Smith|Judy Morris|Mark Lamprell	19981125	19990504		3.5/4	fresh	Marty Mapes	0	Movie Habit	20020821
"""Mao's Last Dancer"" is the inspiring true story of Li Cunxin and his extraordinary journey from a poor upbringing in rural China to international stardom as a world-class ballet dancer. Based on the best selling autobiography, the film weaves a moving tale about the quest for freedom and the courage it takes to live your own life. It compellingly captures the struggles, sacrifices and triumphs, as well as the intoxicating effects of first love and celebrity amid the pain of exile."	PG	Art House and International Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Bruce Beresford	Jan Sardi	20100820	20110503	A dynamic and captivating bio-drama of a gifted young ballet dancer from communist China and his quest for respect, love, and a new life of freedom.	4/5	fresh		0	Spirituality and Practice	20100816
Onetime Dallas Cowboy Peter Gent's tell-all novel about the big business of football is the source for Ted Kotcheff's film, which explores the destructive world faced by NFL players both on and off the field.	R	Comedy Drama Sports and Fitness	Ted Kotcheff	Peter Gent|Ted Kotcheff|Frank Yablans	19790803	20010130		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20020806
Between giving up his super powers, confronting criminals from outer space, and having problems with his girlfriend, it's a bad time to be the Man of Steel in this sequel to the 1978 blockbuster. When terrorists threaten to destroy Paris with a thermonuclear device as they hold reporter Lois Lane (Margot Kidder) hostage, Superman (Christopher Reeve) comes to the rescue and flings the weapon into space. However, its blast outside the earth's orbit awakens Zod (Terence Stamp), Ursa (Sarah Douglas), and Non (Jack O'Halloran), three villains from Superman's home planet of Krypton who were exiled to outer space for their crimes. Zod and his partners arrive on Earth and use their powers in a bid to take over the U.S., and then the world. However, when Lois realizes that mild mannered Clark Kent and Superman are actually the same person, he brings her to his Fortress of Solitude, where his decision to marry Lois costs him his remarkable strength. Without his super powers, how can Superman vanquish Zod and save the world? Gene Hackman, Ned Beatty, Susannah York, and Jackie Cooper return from the first film, which was shot at the same time as parts of the sequel.	PG	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Lester|Richard Donner	Mario Puzo|David Newman|Leslie Newman	19810619	20010501	Superman II is a marvelous toy.	4/5	fresh	Janet Maslin	1	New York Times	20040830
The life of a miner's son in Northern England is forever changed one day when he stumbles upon a ballet class on his way to boxing lessons. Joining the class and keeping it a secret from his widowed father and overbearing brother, 11-year-old Billy finds himself in dance, demonstrating the kind of raw talent seldom seen by the class's exacting instructor, Mrs. Wilkinson. She encourages him to try out for the Royal Ballet. But when his father and brother find out and forbid him to continue, Billy is torn between his responsibility to his family and to the gift with which he has been blessed. His overwhelming desire to dance has become much more to him that simply a means of self-expression. It is his passion and it is his destiny.	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Stephen Daldry	Lee Hall	20001103	20010417	Julie Walters ... is spirited and colorful as the ballet teacher, and Gary Lewis is somehow convincing as the dad even when the screenplay requires him to make big offscreen swings of position.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
"Based on the inspiring true story of West High School girls' volleyball team. After the loss of the school's star player, Caroline ""Line"" Found, in an accident, the remaining team players must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hope of winning the state championship."	PG	Drama	Sean McNamara	David Aaron Cohen|Elissa Matsueda	20180406	20180731	"The Miracle Season"" is an inspiring family film but there is no draw except word of mouth. If those entertained spread the word then this little film could find its audience."	7/10	fresh	Jackie K. Cooper	0	jackiekcooper.com	20180413
Rose Troche (Go Fish) directed this British romantic comedy with various gay characters in London. Impish Darren (Tom Hollander) urges lonely Leo (Kevin McKidd of Trainspotting) to get a more active social life, as does neighbor Angie (Julie Graham). When friend Adam (Christopher Fulford) gets Leo to join the therapy group run by New Age-styled guru Keith (Simon Callow), Leo meets good-looking Irishman Brendan (James Purefoy), who's just ending a lengthy relationship with his business partner, Sally (Jennifer Ehle). Sally just happens to be Leo's high-school sweetheart. It's not long before Leo and Brendan pair off. Shown in the Market section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival.	NR	Comedy Romance	Rose Troche	Robert Farrar	19990528	20000822		1.5/5	rotten	Christopher Null	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
"The grim futility of the war between Bosnia and Serbia is reduced to its essence as two enemy soldiers are forced to share a wary trust for one another in this drama. A group of Bosnian soldiers are advancing upon Serbian territory during a misty night when the fog lifts at daybreak, making them plainly visible to their enemy. Serb forces open fire upon them, and soon only Chiki (Brancko Djuric) is still alive, after diving into a trench in no man's land. Two Serbian soldiers scouting the area set up a land mine using the body of a Bosnian soldier as ""bait;"" if moved, the mine will jump into the air and explode. Chiki watches as the soldiers set the trap, and furious at the disrespect to his fallen comrades, he kills one of the Serbs, and takes the other, Nino (Rene Bitorajac), hostage. With both soldiers alone and equally armed, they find themselves at a stalemate, and begin trying to attract help from either side. Eventually, the two men are found by a squadron of French soldiers attached to a U.N. peacekeeping unit; now held by supposedly neutral forces, Chiki and Nino are with the French troops when it's discovered that the dead Bosnian soldier isn't dead after all, though no one is sure how to disarm the mine without killing him in the process. No Man's Land was the debut feature from Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanovic."	R	Art House and International Drama	Danis Tanovic	Danis Tanovic	20011221	20020409		A-	fresh	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20020918
Two ferociously ambitious sisters, Mary and Anne Boleyn, are rivals for the bed and heart of the 16th century English king Henry VIII.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Justin Chadwick	Peter Morgan	20080229	20080610	The talented cast is largely wasted.	C-	rotten	Chris Farnsworth	0	E! Online	20080228
This Academy Award-nominated classic, voted one of the American Film Institute's top 100 Films Of All Time, features the coming of age of four teenagers on their last summer night before college. Rediscover drag racing, Inspiration Point and drive-ins all over again in this nostalgic look back at the early '60s. The incredible soundtrack brings you the most memorable rock 'n' roll hits of the era. Directed by George Lucas and produced by Francis Ford Coppola, this classic stars Harrison Ford, Richard Dreyfuss, Ron Howard, Suzanne Somers, Cindy Williams, Wolfman Jack and Mackenzie Phillips. Capture the heart of America's last age of innocence with American Graffiti.	PG	Comedy Drama	George Lucas	George Lucas|Gloria Katz|Willard Huyck	19730801	19980915	...the ultimate nostalgia movie of all time ...	4/5	fresh	Brad Laidman	0	Film Threat	20051206
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	Lanie, who suggests a blow-dried human Q-tip, is so jarring on the eyes, it's difficult to concentrate on the story.	1.5/5	rotten	Desson Thomson	1	Washington Post	20020426
The best-selling suspense novel by late author Robert Ludlum comes to the screen for a second time, following a 1988 made-for-TV movie. Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne, a barely alive amnesiac with a pair of bullet wounds in his back, pulled from the Mediterranean by Italian fishermen. Bourne's only clue to his own identity is a bank account number etched on a capsule implanted in his body. He quickly finds the Zurich bank where money, a gun, and a few identification documents await, but after he's pursued by security goons at the American consulate, Bourne realizes he can trust no one and offers a German gypsy named Marie (Franka Potente) ten thousand dollars for a ride to Paris. Encountering more professional killers bent on his destruction, Bourne discovers that he possesses a surprising degree of skill in combat, martial arts, and linguistics -- handy talents that clearly indicate his past includes work as a spy and assassin, but for whom? With Marie's reluctant help, Bourne edges closer to the truth, something CIA officials want concealed at all costs. The Bourne Identity co-stars Chris Cooper, Clive Owen, Brian Cox, and Julia Stiles.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Doug Liman	Tony Gilroy|William Blake Herron	20020614	20030121	There isn't a dull or dumb moment in this movie.	4/5	fresh	Desson Thomson	1	Washington Post	20020614
Aki Kaurismaki's The Man Without a Past opens with the title character (Markku Peltola) being savagely beaten. At the hospital he is declared dead, but he sits up and walks out on his own power. He is taken in by a mother and her two sons, discovers an old jukebox that inspires local musicians, and discovers he has skills as a welder. When he becomes unwittingly involved in a bank robbery, and the man is unable to give the police his name, the cops send out feelers trying to figure out the man's identity. Soon his wife appears. The Man Without a Past was screened at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival where it was awarded the Grand Prix, the most storied prize after the Palme D'Or.	PG	Art House and International Comedy Drama			20020830	20031007	The problem is, the humour of the material does not combine as well as it should with the filmmaking style. The method is absurdist, and so are the characters, and there's nothing straight to play off.	2.5/4	rotten	Ian Waldron-Mantgani	0	UK Critic	20030302
"Planet 51 is a galactic-sized animated alien adventure comedy revolving around American astronaut Captain Charles ""Chuck"" Baker, who lands on Planet 51 thinking he's the first person to step foot on it. To his surprise, he finds that this planet is inhabited by little green people who are happily living in a white picket fence world reminiscent of a cheerfully innocent 1950s America, and whose only fear is that it will be overrun by alien invaders...like Chuck"	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Jorge Blanco	Joe Stillman	20091120	20100309	This simply doesn't have the right stuff.	2/5	rotten	Kevin Williamson	0	Jam! Movies	20091120
From filmmaker Andrew Stanton comes John Carter-a sweeping action-adventure set on the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars). John Carter is based on a classic novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, whose highly imaginative adventures served as inspiration for many filmmakers, both past and present. The film tells the story of war-weary, former military captain John Carter (Taylor Kitsch), who is inexplicably transported to Mars where he becomes reluctantly embroiled in a conflict of epic proportions amongst the inhabitants of the planet, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and the captivating Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). In a world on the brink of collapse, Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. -- (C) Walt Disney	PG-13	Action and Adventure Horror Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrew Stanton|Mark Atkins	Mark Atkins|Mark Andrews|Michael Chabon|Andrew Stanton	20120309	20120605	It's hard to believe Pixar's founder would have signed off on this project. The film is as overcomplicated, bloated and crash-prone as a bad-old-days Microsoft release.	1/4	rotten	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20120308
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	Throughout, Bardem ... is a potent presence.	3/5	fresh	Annlee Ellingson	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20030310
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	...a performance beautifully coloured with varying shades of emotion that also makes clever use of [Moore's] porcelain looks to evoke the vulnerability of the eponymous Alice.	3/5	fresh	Stella Papamichael	0	Digital Spy	20150305
Titanic shipmates Kathy Bates, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Kate Winslet step onboard for director Sam Mendes' tale of suburban malaise in 1950s-era Connecticut. Adapted from the classic 1961 novel by author Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road tells the tale of a young Connecticut couple whose once-idealistic relationship steadily deteriorates into a ceaseless cycle of petty jealousy and bickering as they strive to retain their independence in the conformity-obsessed world of picket fences and perfectly manicured lawns. Ever since they first met, Frank (DiCaprio) and April (Winslet) saw themselves as special and different. They strive to form their relationship around higher ideals, though upon moving into their new home on Revolutionary Road, the defiant couple pledges never to be confined by the social conventions of the era. As time passes, however, Frank and April gradually become the very thing that they both feared most -- a typical suburban family complete with abandoned dreams and faded hopes. Frank loses his nerve after taking a comfortable job with a reliable salary, and April morphs into an unsatisfied homemaker desperate for passion and excitement. But April's independent spirit hasn't been suffocated just yet, and when she hatches a plan to head for Paris, her need to escape at all costs stands in direct contrast to Frank's desire to hold on to what they already have.	R	Drama	Sam Mendes	Justin Haythe	20081215	20090602	Revolutionary Road hits theaters at the height of Oscar season. That doesn't mean it's Oscar worthy.	2/4	rotten	Christian Toto	0		20090102
In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance. From this moment on, their lives become webs of deceit and exposure, secrets and revelations, as they feud to outwit and destroy one another. Their rivalry takes them both to the peak of their careers, but with terrible consequences.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan|Christopher Nolan	20061020	20070220	It's a battle that's played out every day at recess in kids' imaginations: Who would win in a fight between Batman and Wolverine?	3/4	fresh	Phil Villarreal	0	Arizona Daily Star	20061019
The musicians of the Buena Vista Social Club exposed the world to Cuba's vibrant culture with their landmark 1997 album. Now, against the backdrop of Cuba's captivating musical history, hear the band's story as they reflect on their remarkable careers and the extraordinary circumstances that brought them together.	PG	Documentary	Lucy Walker		20170526	20170912	This movie should be of great interest to Cubaphiles, music fans, cultural historians and anyone with eyes, ears and a pulse.	3/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20170525
"Loretta Lynn was one of the first female superstars in country music and remains a defining presence within the genre; with her strong, clear, hard-country voice and tough, no-nonsense songs about husbands who cheat and wives who weren't about to be pushed around, Lynn introduced a feminist mindset to Nashville years before the phrase ""women's liberation"" became common currency. Coal Miner's Daughter is a screen adaptation of Lynn's autobiography, starring Sissy Spacek as Loretta Lynn. One of eight children born to Ted Webb (Levon Helm), a coal miner raising a family despite grinding poverty in Butcher's Holler, KY, Loretta married Dolittle ""Mooney"" Lynn (Tommy Lee Jones) when she was only 13 years old. A mother of four by the time she was 20, Lynn began singing the occasional song at local honky-tonks on weekends, and at 25, she cut (at Mooney's suggestion) a demo tape that earned her a deal with an independent record label. Loretta and Mooney's tireless promotion of the record (including a long road trip through the south in which they stopped at every country radio station they could find) paid off -- Loretta's first single, ""Honky Tonk Girl,"" hit the charts and earned her a spot on the Grand Ole Opry. Stardom called and Loretta never looked back, but success brought with it both joy (a long string of hit records and sold-out concerts and a close friendship with Patsy Cline) and sorrow (a nervous breakdown brought on by overwork and a great deal of stress to a marriage that endured -- but just barely). Sissy Spacek won an Academy award for her vivid, thoroughly natural performance as Loretta (she also did her own singing), and Levon Helm (drummer for the legendary rock group the Band) made an impressive screen debut as her father. Ernest Tubb makes a cameo appearance as himself."	PG	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Michael Apted	Tom Rickman|Thomas Rickman	19800307	20030506	The movie isn't great art, but it has been made with great taste and style; it's more intelligent and observant than movie biographies of singing stars used to be.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20041023
Versatile Canadian comedian Martin Short plays a 10-year old boy in this comedy aimed at younger audiences. The tale is told in flashback to another little boy. Clifford is a manipulative brat. Clifford really wants to visit Dinosaur World in Los Angeles. Clifford wants to go so badly that he manages to force the Hawaii bound plane he and his parents are on to land in L.A. His parents need to attend a convention in Hawaii so they leave him with his Uncle Martin who despises children. Martin's fiance adores kids, so he pretends to be ecstatic about Clifford's visit. He must also pretend that Clifford is the angel child he isn't. Because Martin reneges on a promise to take him to Dinosaur World, Clifford begins an elaborate plot for revenge.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Flaherty	Will Aldis|Jay Dee Rock|Steven Kampmann|Bobby Vonhayes	19940401	20040302		4/5	fresh	Blake French	0	NutzWorld	20031104
Fate brings a childless couple a bundle of joy -- who happens to have a criminal record -- in this comedy directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. Calvin Simms (Marlon Wayans) is a master criminal who with the help of his friend and sidekick, Percy (Tracy Morgan), plans a daring robbery of a museum where one of the world's largest diamonds is on display. One of reasons Calvin is able to get inside secure areas is his size -- Calvin is dwarf who stands less than two feet tall, and can slip in unnoticed where more conventionally sized people would not. While Calvin is able to get the diamond, he's nearly caught by the police while making his getaway, and stashes the jewel in a bag carried by a passerby. Eager to recover the diamond from the unwitting accomplice, Calvin and Percy figure out a way to get into his house -- they dress Calvin up as a baby, and leave him on the doorstep of the passerby's home. As it happens, the couple who live there (Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington) have been wanting to have a baby, and they eagerly take the new arrival under their wing, embracing the joys of parenthood while ignoring some of the toddler's unusual behavior.	PG-13	Comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	Keenen Ivory Wayans|Shawn Wayans|Marlon Wayans	20060714	20061107	Thanks to the wonder of digital technology, Marlon's head was spliced onto the body of a dwarf actor, thus accomplishing what certainly will go down in history as one of the more profound cinematic achievements of our time.	D+	rotten	Winda Benedetti	0	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	20060713
Curious filmgoers looking to get better acquainted with the silver screen's most notorious cannibalistic serial killer are sure to get their fair share of shocks and thrills as director Peter Webber teams with author Thomas Harris to explore the early life of well-read psychopath Hannibal Lecter. Based on author Harris' gruesome novel of the same name, Hannibal Rising travels back in time to World War II-era Lithuania, where an impressionable, well-to-do young boy named Hannibal (Gaspard Ulliel) was forced to watch helplessly as his family was massacred and his young sister suffered a terrifying fate at the hands of desperate, famished soldiers. After seeking temporary shelter at the Soviet orphanage that was once his family's home, Hannibal later flees to Paris in search of his long-lost uncle. Though his uncle has passed away, his uncle's beautiful Japanese widow, Lady Murasaki (Gong Li), warmly accepts the frightened orphan into her home. But even the love and kindness of this generous stranger isn't enough to calm the raging storm that is brewing inside this troubled young boy. Plagued by nightmares and determined to seek vengeance on the murderous war criminals who brutalized his family, the profoundly disturbed but academically gifted Hannibal enrolls in medical school in order to hone the skills that will allow him to exact horrific justice.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Peter Webber	Thomas Harris	20070209	20070529	It can't sell the idea that Gaspard Ulliel's Hannibal is ever going to mature into Hopkins' complex monster, and without that, it's just a slick exercise in futility.	2.5/5	rotten	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20070214
The directorial debut of filmmaker Jared Hess, who also co-wrote the screenplay, Napoleon Dynamite is a quirky, offbeat comedy set in the small Idaho town of Preston. Jon Heder stars in the titular role, a carrot-topped oddball with a decidedly eccentric family that includes his llama-loving, dune-buggy enthusiast grandmother. The story centers on the local high school's race for class president. Using some nontraditional means, Napoleon is determined to help his pal Pedro (Efrem Ramirez) run a winning campaign and defeat popular girl Summer (Haylie Duff). Also starring The Drew Carey Show's Diedrich Bader, Napoleon Dynamite premiered at the 2004 Sundance Film Festival.	PG	Comedy	Jared Hess	Jared Hess|Jerusha Hess	20040611	20041221	Writer-director Jared Hess tries for John Hughes by way of the Coen Brothers, but only comes up with one dull, unfunny non-sequitur after another.	1/4	rotten	Joe Lozito	0	Big Picture Big Sound	20071227
Chinese director Zhang Yimou fuses a martial arts action-drama with a tragic romance in this elegant period piece. In the year 859 A.D., as the Tang dynasty is beset by rebellion, Leo (Andy Lau) and Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro) are a pair of lawmen who have been given the task of ferreting out the leaders of a revolutionary faction known as the Flying Daggers. Working on a tip that members of the group are working out of a brothel called the Peony Pavilion, Jin arrives there in disguise and is introduced to a beautiful blind dancer named Mei (Zhang Ziyi). After watching Mei's performance following several drinks, Jin drunkenly attempts to have his way with her, and Leo is forced to intervene. After gaining Mei's trust in a game of skill, Leo arrests her and informs her that she'll be tortured if she doesn't tell all she knows about the Flying Daggers. Jin responds by helping Mei break out of prison, but he has an ulterior motive -- by following her, Leo and Jin are certain she'll lead them to the Flying Daggers. However, as he helps the blind girl find her way back home, Jin finds himself falling in love with Mei, and isn't certain if he's willing to betray her again.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Yimou Zhang	Feng Li|Bin Wang|Yimou Zhang	20041203	20050329	For all the action, it's the human element that elevates House of Flying Daggers to lofty heights.	4/4	fresh	Sean P. Means	0	Salt Lake Tribune	20050114
John Hughes crafts an exemplary '80s Brat Pack romance out of the standard Cinderella story in Pretty in Pink. Andie Walsh (Molly Ringwald) is a teenager who lives in the dingy part of town with her terminally underemployed dad (Harry Dean Stanton). She works at a record store with eccentric Ionia (Annie Potts) and is considered a misfit at her uppity high school, but somehow she rises above them all. Her oddball best friend, Duckie (Jon Cryer), is hopelessly in love with her, so he causes trouble for her romantic pursuits. When local rich kid Blaine (Andrew McCarthy) develops a fascination with her, they go out on a date together. Visiting the home bases of each social clique, they are basically ridiculed for their audacity to date one another. When Blaine eventually asks the delighted Andie to the prom, he is threatened by his rich friend Steff (James Spader). The romance versus high school social politics finally culminates at the big night of the prom.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Howard Deutch	John Hughes	19860228	20020820		3/5	fresh	Cole Smithey	0	ColeSmithey.com	20051114
Louis Gossett Jr. stars in Sidney J. Furie's preposterous reactionary blockbuster Iron Eagle. The story concerns the 18-year-old Doug Masters (Jason Gedrick), the son of jet fighter pilot Ted Masters (Tim Thomerson). Ted's plane is shot down in the Middle East and he is sentenced to be executed by terrorists. When Doug asks the U.S. government and the Air Force for help in rescuing his father, they are unwilling to do anything. Doug goes to see one of Ted's old Air Force buddies, Chappy (Louis Gossett Jr.) and he helps the boy take an F-16 and they head to the Middle East, blowing up oil refineries and airports, insisting that Ted be released from captivity.	PG-13	Action and Adventure			19860117	20010522	This couldn't even excite me as a kid. A bad film.	0/5	rotten	Alex Sandell	0	Juicy Cerebellum	20030921
A misplaced sausage and his savory friends embark on an existential adventure through the aisles of a massive supermarket in this raunchy animated comedy from Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. As the store's annual 4th of July sale draws near, the perishable pals must return to their rightful places on the shelves before the customers come flooding in to fill their carts. Conrad Vernon (Monsters vs. Aliens) takes the helm for this Sony Pictures/AnnaPurna Pictures co-production penned by Rogen, Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ariel Shaffirwhich.	R	Animation Comedy	Conrad Vernon|Greg Tiernan	Kyle Hunter|Ariel Shaffir|Seth Rogen|Evan Goldberg	20160812	20161108	A hilarious, vulgar, crude, smutty film that will have you snickering at jokes you'd like to think that you're above.	8/10	fresh	Andrew Pollard	0	Starburst	20180411
In the tradition of Amblin classics where fantastical events occur in the most unexpected places, Jack Black and two-time Academy Award (R) winner Cate Blanchett star in THE HOUSE WITH A CLOCK IN ITS WALLS, from Amblin Entertainment. The magical adventure tells the spine-tingling tale of 10-year-old Lewis (Owen Vaccaro) who goes to live with his uncle in a creaky old house with a mysterious tick-tocking heart. But his new town's sleepy fa	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Eli Roth	Eric Kripke	20180921	20181127	The plot and themes don't really measure up but it is fun, largely because of the matter-of-fact brand of wit dispensed by Blanchett and Black and the young fogeyish appeal of Vaccaro's Lewis.	3.5/5	fresh	Sandra Hall	0	Sydney Morning Herald	20180921
Wine merchant Alex Gates seems to have it all: a fancy shop, a beautiful wife, Suzanne, a sexy Latin mistress, Gabriella, and a hot car. He enjoys the best vintages of the goods he sells. In truth, Alex Gates' finances are stretched to the limit, his marriage is in a shambles and his relationship with his stepson Jason is toxic. Alex's business caters to a wealthy clientele, whose riches prove all too seductive: particularly a certain	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bob Rafelson|George Bud Davis	Bob Rafelson|Nick Villiers|Alison Cross|Nick Villers	19970221	20060206		3/4	fresh		1	Globe and Mail	20020412
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	Bwooklyn Meg sounds a whole lot like Margot Kidder impersonating Phyllis Diller. The accent comes and goes, but it remains the most entertaining aspect of the entire movie.	2/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20040219
"A comedy drama set on a Yorkshire chicken farm in 1950s England, the story follows the turbulent romance between Rocky the Rooster and Ginger the chicken, both of whom yearn for freedom and are planning a daring ""prisoner of war"" style escape. Both chickens are tired of being repressed and know they face an eventual certain death, so in planning their escape, they rally with their fellow chickens."	G	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Drama Kids and Family	Peter Lord|Nick Park	Jack Rosenthal|Karey Kirkpatrick	20000621	20001121	While the average chicken may hold as much interest to you as a dead duck, this film's chickens are well-defined characters that make you laugh, feel worry for them, and then laugh even more.	5/5	fresh	James Brundage	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	Revenge, mother-daughter bonds and the transformative power of clothes are the threads stitched deftly throughout Jocelyn Moorhouse's quirky Australian comedy drama, which induces tears as much as giggles.	3/5	fresh	Georgia Morgan	0	Liverpool Echo	20151230
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	Not a huge amount happens yet it is transfixing at times, largely a product of superbly moulded characters, gentle humour, refined performances and a charming devotion to human warmth.	4/5	fresh	Hilary A White	0	Sunday Independent (Ireland)	20160418
This beautifully drawn love story explores the bohemian underworld of war-torn London and the intimate complexities of two young couples whose lives and loves become dangerously intertwined.	R	Drama Romance	John Maybury	Sharman MacDonald	20080515	20090714	Unfortunately, like the murky visuals, the story is also muddled.	C+	rotten	Peter Paras	0	E! Online	20090422
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	Selma, the latest in a long string of strong biopics out over the last year, deserves your undivided attention.	4.5/5	fresh	Elias Savada	0	Film Threat	20150107
In this John Hughes film, spoiled, self-centered Doyle (Ethan Randall) is traveling home from his classy prep school to spend Thanksgiving with his mother, Natalie (JoBeth Williams), in Chicago. However, when his mother's unsophisticated boyfriend, Dutch (Ed O'Neill), arrives to ferry him home, the two develop an intense hatred of one another that they must work out on the long drive to Chicago.	PG-13	Comedy	Peter Faiman	John Hughes	19910719	20050322	Warmed-up John Huges pap. Not even the hard-working Ed O'Neill can save the day.	2/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020727
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	A star-studded heist flick that calls to mind some of the eclectic director's most popular work even if it falters a bit at the end.	3/4	fresh	Sonny Bunch	0	Washington Free Beacon	20170818
For thirteen extraordinary days in October of 1962, the world stood on the brink of an unthinkable catastrophe. Across the globe, people anxiously awaited the outcome of a harrowing political, diplomatic and military confrontation that threatened to end in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union. The alarming escalation of events during those fateful days brought to the fore such public figures as Robert McNamara, Adlai Stevenson, Theodore Sorenson, Andrei Gromyko, Anatoly Dobrynin, McGeorge Bundy, Dean Acheson, Dean Rusk, and General Curtis LeMay. In addition many others -- politicians, diplomats and soldiers -- were on the front line of the showdown. In Thirteen Days, we see all of these people, -- and, above all -- President John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby, through the eyes of a trusted presidential aide and confidante, Kenneth P. O'Donnell.	PG-13	Drama	Roger Donaldson	David Self	20001225	20010710	The story is so gripping and the ensemble performances so dominating that Donaldson really manages to disguise the fact that the movie is just a succession of conversations between middle-aged white men.	3/4	fresh	Jon Niccum	0	Lawrence Journal-World	20020907
Ken Loach directs Sweet Sixteen, a gritty drama about a young man slowly succumbing to a life of crime. Liam (Martin Compson) hopes that his imprisoned mother (Michelle Coulter) will be free by his 16th birthday. Hoping to help his mother escape her abusive heroin-dealing boyfriend (Gary McCormack), Liam rats him out to the cops. Liam's sister, Chantelle (Annmarie Fulton), suggests that a new trailer park might be a better place for their mother to live. With the help of his best friend, Pinball (William Ruanne), Liam sells the boyfriend's supply in order to raise the money, but this gets him into trouble with gangsters whose turf he was selling in. Soon Liam is on the way up in the criminal world, but that success comes with a toll. The accents in this Scottish-set film are so thick that English subtitles are used throughout. Sweet Sixteen was screened in competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama	Ken Loach	Paul Laverty	20030516	20031007		4/5	fresh	Mark Halverson	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20080807
Charles S. Dutton's feature-length directorial debut Against the Ropes is based on the real-life story of Jackie Kallen, a Jewish woman from Detroit who became a successful boxing manager. Played by Meg Ryan, Kallen works her way up in the world of boxing by believing in the fighting skills of Luther Shaw (Omar Epps). Director Dutton appears as veteran trainer Felix Reynolds, whom Kallen encourages to come out of retirement.	PG-13	Drama		Cheryl Edwards	20040220	20040713	As a boxing movie, Against the Ropes is perfunctory... As a biopic, it's likewise uninspired stuff.	3/4	rotten	Jami Bernard	1	New York Daily News	20040220
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	[I]n terms of pure beauty, Memoirs of a Geisha is among the most gorgeous films ever created, a magnificent cherry blossom of a movie, evoking the lovely mysteries of geisha life.	9/10	fresh	Jack Garner	0	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	20051227
A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Like David O. Russell's previous films, American Hustle defies genre, hinging on raw emotion, and life and death stakes. (c) Sony	R	Drama			20131220	20140318	It joins the pantheon of great con job movies with The Sting, House of Games and Wild Things.	5/5	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	New England Movies Weekly	20131219
Columnist Steve Lopez is at a dead end. The newspaper business is in an uproar, his marriage to a fellow journalist has fallen apart and he can't entirely remember what he loved about his job in the first place. Then, one day, while walking through Los Angeles' Skid Row, he sees the mysterious bedraggled figure Nathaniel Ayers, pouring his soul into a two-stringed violin. At first, Lopez approaches Ayers as just another story idea in a city of millions. But as he begins to unearth the mystery of how this alternately brilliant and distracted street musician, once a dynamic prodigy headed for fame, wound up living in tunnels and doorways, it sparks an unexpected quest. Imagining he can change Ayers' life, Lopez embarks on a quixotic mission to get him off the streets and back to the world of music. But even as he fights to save Ayers' life, he begins to see that it is Ayers--with his unsinkable passion, his freedom-loving obstinacy and his valiant attempts at connection and love--who is profoundly changing Lopez.	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Joe Wright	Susannah Grant	20090424	20090804	It feels like a puzzle with some significant pieces missing.	C	rotten	Tasha Robinson	1	AV Club	20090501
While vacationing in the Pacific Northwest, the Henderson clan's dad, George (John Lithgow); mom, Nancy (Melinda Dillon); daughter, Sarah (Margaret Langrick); and son, Ernie (Joshua Rudoy), accidently run over a strange animal with their car, and when they get out to see what it is, they find the seemingly dead body of a hairy Bigfoot-type monster (Kevin Peter Hall). Believing that the creature is a grizzly bear, the Hendersons take it home, planning to stuff the beast and put it on display in their living room. Predictably, the hirsute monster revives and is adopted by the family as a pet. Originally conceived as a TV series by comedian Brad Garrett, Harry and the Hendersons ultimately did make it to the small screen as a weekly syndicated sitcom in 1990, with Kevin Peter Hall repeating the title role during the series' first 24 episodes.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	William Dear		19870605	20070424		2/5	rotten	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20050208
The story of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and its aftermath are the subject of this sometimes iconoclastic but always passionate religious drama. On its initial release, the film was the center of a notable controversy, thanks to protests from fundamentalists objecting to the film's unconventional depiction of Jesus.	R	Drama	Martin Scorsese	Paul Schrader	19880812	20000425	There is a God in the film, and it pursues Jesus throughout.	4/4	fresh	Jeremiah Kipp	0	Slant Magazine	20030919
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214		C	rotten	Nell Minow	0	Movie Mom	20120218
A overgrown mama's boy who hasn't found the courage to take flight from the nest gets a little help from the girl of his dreams in the one comedy that proves it's never to late to strike out on your own. Tripp (Matthew McConaughey) may have hit 30, but that doesn't mean that he's ready to give up the many benefits of living at home with mom (Kathy Bates) and dad (Terry Bradshaw). His desperate parents have had enough, though, and after years of gentle nudging they soon realize that it's going to take a concerted effort to get Tripp out and enjoy their twilight years in peace. Realizing that their only hope for ridding themselves of their reluctant-to-leave offspring rides on the off-chance of his meeting the ideal female companion, mom and dad enlist the help of a beautiful and talented woman (Sarah Jessica Parker) in providing the romantic incentive needed to finally get their son out of the family home.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Tom Dey		20060310	20060627	Tom Dey directs with all the energy of a cook flipping burgers at Jack in the Box.	2/5	rotten	Jim Lane	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20060512
I ORIGINS, the second feature film from writer and director Mike Cahill, tells the story of Dr. Ian Gray (Michael Pitt), a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the eye. He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman (Astrid Berg	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Mike Cahill	Mike Cahill	20140718	20141209	The film doesn't rush to solve the mystery of whether Ian the skeptic is discovering a new realm of spiritual activity or merely grasping at coincidence and magical thinking.	2/4	rotten	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20140724
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	"Blanchett is a naturally theatrical actress, unafraid of being ""dramatic."" Because of this, she sometimes seems out of place in a realistic context. But ""Carol"" plays to her strengths."	3.5/4	fresh	Sheila O'Malley	1	RogerEbert.com	20151120
New York City, not-too-distant-future: Eric Packer, a 28 year-old finance golden boy dreaming of living in a civilization ahead of this one, watches a dark shadow cast over the firmament of the Wall Street galaxy, of which he is the uncontested king. As he is chauffeured across midtown Manhattan to get a haircut at his father's old barber, his anxious eyes are glued to the yuan's exchange rate: it is mounting against all expectations, destroying Eric's bet against it. Eric Packer is losing his empire with every tick of the clock. Meanwhile, an eruption of wild activity unfolds in the city's streets. Petrified as the threats of the real world infringe upon his cloud of virtual convictions, his paranoia intensifies during the course of his 24-hour cross-town odyssey. Packer starts to piece together clues that lead him to a most terrifying secret: his imminent assassination. -- (C) Official Site	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Cronenberg	David Cronenberg|Don DeLillo	20120817	20130101	David Cronenberg's North by Northwest	4/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20120822
"""Love Ranch"" is a bittersweet love story that turns explosive when the players in a romantic triangle lose control and cross the line. Set in the late-1970s, the film depicts larger than life personalities living on the edge, Grace Bontempo and Charlie Bontempo, the husband and wife team who own and run Nevada's first legalized brothel. Their lives are suddenly altered when Armando Bruza, a husky, world famous heavy weight boxer from South America is brought to the Ranch to train as part of Charlie's ever-expanding entrepreneurial empire. Plans quickly go awry when Bruza comes between Grace and Charlie as an unforeseen love triangle develops that erupts into uncontrollable passion and murder."	R	Drama	Taylor Hackford	Mark Jacobson	20100630	20101109	With two great, ideally cast actors and such potentially fascinating subject matter, why does Love Ranch feel like a clumsy TV movie?	C-	rotten	Nathan Rabin	1	AV Club	20100630
Based on the novel by Whitley Strieber, a wealthy land developer and his wife are viciously murdered in the South Bronx, and detective Dewey Wilson (Albert Finney) is assigned to the case. After more people turn up dead, Wilson meets up with some Native Americans who inform him of the nature of the creatures that are inhabiting the inner-city slums.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Michael Wadleigh		19810724	20020813		3/5	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20050208
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	This is a film Walt himself would have been proud of, a family flick that's marvelously gratifying no matter what your age.	B+	fresh	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20071122
Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't actually know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. Resolving both issues proves hilarious, terrifying and life-changing. Directed by Greg Berlanti (Riverdale, The Flash, Supergirl), written by Isaac Aptaker &amp; Elizabeth Berger (This is Us), and based on Becky Albertalli's acclaimed novel, LOVE, SIMON is a funny and heartfelt coming-of-age story about the thrilling ride of finding yourself and falling in love.	PG-13	Drama	Greg Berlanti	Isaac Aptaker|Elizabeth Berger	20180316	20180612	Despite...strangely misjudged moments, Love, Simon succeeds in navigating most of the pitfalls of the gay coming-of-age narrative and is ultimately moving and genuine.	3/5	fresh	Elena Lazic	0	Little White Lies	20180407
Take out the trash, eat your broccoli-who needs moms, anyway? Nine-year-old Milo (Seth Green) finds out just how much he needs his mom (Joan Cusack) when she's nabbed by Martians who plan to steal her mom-ness for their own young. Produced by the team behind Disney's A Christmas Carol and The Polar Express, Mars Needs Moms showcases Milo's quest to save his mom-a wild adventure in 3D that involves stowing away on a spaceship, navigating an elaborate, multi-level planet and taking on the alien nation and their leader (Mindy Sterling). With the help of a tech-savvy, underground earthman named Gribble (Dan Fogler) and a rebel Martian girl called Ki (Elisabeth Harnois), Milo just might find his way back to his mom-in more ways than one. Based on the Book by Berkeley Breathed. -- (C) Disney	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Science Fiction and Fantasy	Simon Wells	Simon Wells|Wendy Wells	20110311	20110809	An entertaining, accomplished movie that shows off what its signature technology can do...	B	fresh	Keith Phipps	1	AV Club	20110310
Director James L. Brooks returns to the helm for this ensemble comedy starring Reese Witherspoon, Jack Nicholson, Paul Rudd, and Owen Wilson, which centers on the story of a passionate athlete who finds herself romantically torn between a narcissistic baseball star and a straight-laced businessman. As far back as Lisa (Witherspoon) can remember, her life has been defined by sports. Then, in the blink of an eye, she's cut from the team. With her identity in crisis as she attempts to regain her footing in life, Lisa begins dating Matty (Wilson), a Major League Baseball pitcher and notorious womanizer. Meanwhile, terminally honest businessman George (Rudd) finds himself on the road to financial ruin or worse after being wrongly implicated in a financial crime. As George struggles to clear his name and reconcile his turbulent relationship with his father, Charles (Nicholson), a chance meeting with Lisa at the lowest point in both of their lives leaves him optimistic that things may work out after all. Meanwhile, Lisa and George both realize that the only thing that's certain about the future is that we never know what fate has in store for us.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance			20101217	20110322	One factor, and one factor alone, brings 'How Do You Know?' to above average.	2.5/4	rotten	Linda Cook	0	KWQC-TV (Iowa)	20101223
"A band of renegades on the run in outer space get in more hot water than they anticipated in this sci-fi action-adventure adapted from the television series Firefly. In the 26th century, the galaxy has been colonized by a military force known as the Alliance, but its leadership has not gone unquestioned. The Alliance was once challenged by a league of rebels known as the Independents, but the Alliance emerged victorious after a brutal civil war, with the surviving Independents scattering around the galaxy. Also wandering the edges of the galaxy are the Reavers, who have won few allies due to their violent behavior and habit of ripping apart their enemies and eating them before they're dead. Capt. Malcolm ""Mal"" Reynolds (Nathan Fillion), who fought as an Independent in the galactic war, is the head of Serenity, a rogue frieghter ship whose crew includes Mal's first mate, Zoe (Gina Torres), who fought alongside him in the war, her husband, hotshot pilot Wash (Alan Tudyk), sunny but dependable mechanic Kaylee (Jewel Staite), and hard-nosed gunman Jayne (Adam Baldwin). The crew of Serenity wander the galaxy, taking on whatever work they can get, from criminal activities like smuggling and stealing to legitimately offering transport to travelers. Passengers aboard Serenity include professional ""companion"" Inara (Morena Baccarin) and holy man Shepherd Book (Ron Glass), but the real trouble aboard the ship comes with the arrival of Simon (Sean Maher) and his teenage sister, River Tam (Summer Glau). In time, the crew discovers that River has remarkable psychic powers and was being held captive by Alliance forces until Simon came to her rescue. Now the Alliance is hot on the heels of Serenity and its passengers, with The Operative (Chiwetel Ejiofor), a sinister Alliance tracker, leading the chase. Serenity was written and directed by Joss Whedon (in his directorial debut), creator of Firefly, which only lasted 11 weeks on the air but gained a powerful cult following who rallied to get the show released on DVD after its cancellation, leading to impressive home-video sales and and an eventual motion picture deal. A couple of months prior to Serenity's theatrical release, reruns of Firefly were picked up by the Sci-Fi channel, adding even more fans to its cult following."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Joss Whedon	Joss Whedon	20050930	20051220	In its own unassuming, self-effacing way, Serenity is the epic sci-fi adventure that the latter years of Star Wars could only dream of being.	3/4	fresh	Phoebe Flowers	0	South Florida Sun-Sentinel	20050929
J.J. Hunsecker, a powerful New York newspaper columnist, is dead set against his sister's marrying a jazz musician. Sidney Falco, a sleazy PR man, will do anything to get publicity for his clients, and he sees Hunsecker's situation as an opportunity to win the writer's favor. So, he sets out to break up the affair anyway he can.	NR	Classics Drama	Alexander Mackendrick	Clifford Odets|Ernest Lehman	19570627	20010619	Loose, sleazy, brilliant and hyper-cool.	4/4	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20020621
A thief and a lawman join forces to hunt down a common enemy in this action thriller. Tony Fait (DMX) is a master thief who, along with his crew (Gabrielle Union, Anthony Anderson, and Drag-On), pulls off a major score when they steal a cache of highly valuable black diamonds. However, the hard-as-nails Tony has a soft spot for his young daughter Vanessa (Paige Hurd), and Ling (Mark Dacascos), a former detective turned ruthless criminal, kidnaps Vanessa, demanding a ransom from Tony for her return -- the stash of black diamonds. The jewels have already been stolen, however, from Tony's fence Archie (Tom Arnold), and are now in the hands of a powerful underworld boss (Chi McBride). Determined to get back his daughter whatever the cost, Tony and his gang set out to find both Ling and the diamonds, but he soon gets some invaluable help from an unlikely corner -- Su (Jet Li), a government agent from Taiwan who was once Ling's partner, and has an old score to settle with him. Cradle 2 the Grave also features Kelly Hu and Roxana Brusso.	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Andrzej Bartkowiak		20030228	20030812	A formulaic picture that's entertaining enough, but makes you wonder if Li will ever duplicate his success in Asia in the States.	C	fresh	Ellen Kim	0	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	20030227
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	The movie is gentle and sweet. Nothing more. Nothing less. And told most poetically.	7/10	fresh	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20090501
Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother (Jacki Weaver) and father (Robert DeNiro) after spending eight months is a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet-and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. -- (C) Weinstein	R	Comedy			20121121	20130430	"Silver Linings Playbook"" is a Hollywood romantic comedy made to mask the horrific downside of mental illness while still giving the audience a little sense of superiority as they walk out of the cinema."	C	rotten	Cole Smithey	0	ColeSmithey.com	20121122
Earl and Hank have only one thing in common: they're both L.A.P.D. rejects. One just got kicked out of the force--the other can't even get in. After confronting each other on opposite sides of the law, during a traffic stop that escalates out of control, these two luckless individuals end up partnered as lowly security guards. Despite being damned to the lowest rung of the law enforcement ladder, Earl and Hank uncover a sophisticated smuggling operation led by Nash and his band of thugs. When Earl and Hank get their hands on some hot property, they go on the run from, first, the bad guys, then, the L.A.P.D.--led by Lt. Washington and Detective McDuff. What these two unlikely partners do to law enforcement is a crime, but they just might save the day. That is, if they don't kill each other first.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Dennis Dugan	David Ronn|Jay Scherick	20030117	20030527	The less you engage your brain, the more you'll enjoy National Security.	C	fresh	Matt Weitz	1	Dallas Morning News	20030116
In this film, conjoined twins Blake and Francis Falls share many vital organs. They have come to the big city to find their long-lost mother and end their suffering. Befriending a prostitute, Blake reveals that Francis is dying. He must choose between dying with his brother or a risky operation.	R	Drama	Michael Polish	Michael Polish|Mark Polish	19990730	20000118		4.5/5	fresh		0	Film Threat	20021208
Special government agent James West, long on charm and wit, and special government agent Artemus Gordon, a master of disguises and a brilliant inventor of gadgets large and small, are each sent to track down the diabolical genius Dr. Arliss Loveless. Loveless is plotting to assassinate the President of the United States with the aid of his monstrously huge walking weapon-transport vehicle called The Tarantula. West and Gordon begin as competitors but soon pool their talents to become a wily team of operatives who trust each other... most of the time.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Western	Barry Sonnenfeld		19990630	19991130	A giant, bombastic flop of a movie.	1.5/4	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20010227
James Robert Kennedy--nicknamed 'Radio' because of his vintage radio collection and his love of music--is a loner in Anderson, South Carolina, pushing his ever-present grocery cart up and down the streets. He speaks to no one and is rarely spoken to, until one day, Coach Harold Jones, one of the town's most respected men, and coach of the popular high school football team, befriends him. Radio is suspicious at first. But Coach Jones is persistent, even enlisting the help of Radio's mother. Jones' friends and family are taken aback as well since, until he met Radio, all his energies were poured exclusively into football. Slowly, Coach Jones earns Radio's trust and opens up a new world to him. He invites Radio to help out at football practice and during games and to sit in on his classes at school, despite the initial misgivings of Principal Daniels. He also champions him to the football players, the students and faculty. Coach Jones' life is also enriched by Radio, from whom he learns to value friendship and family ties as much as he does coaching football. Still, there are those in town who believe that Coach Jones' devotion to the young man is distracting him from his duties as head coach of the football team. There are several attempts to have Radio barred from the classroom and, after his mother's untimely death, remanded to a mental-health facility. Coach Jones valiantly fights off these efforts, but he is finally forced to make a difficult decision, which will impact both his growing friendship with Radio and his career as a football coach.	PG	Drama	Mike Tollin|Michael Tollin	Mike Rich	20031024	20040127	Lesson of kindness permeates inspiring true story.	4/5	fresh	Nell Minow	0	Common Sense Media	20101228
"""Cadillac Records"" is about the rise and fall of Chess Records, which launched the careers of Muddy Waters, Etta James and Chuck Berry. Leonard Chess scoured the South, checking out the various blues scenes and selling records from the back of his Cadillac."	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Darnell Martin	Darnell Martin	20081205	20090310	[It] isn't the last word on this chapter of music history... but with great music and solid performances, it's good place to start.	3/4	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20081219
Nanni Moretti joins forces with the great French actor Michel Piccoli to tell the story of Melville, a cardinal who suddenly finds himself elected as the next Pope. Never the front runner and completely caught off guard, he panics as he's presented to the faithful in St. Peter's Square. To prevent a world wide crisis, the Vatican's spokesman calls in an unlikely psychiatrist who is neither religious or all that committed, played by Moretti, to find out what is wrong with the new Pope. As the world nervously waits outside, inside the therapist tries to find a solution. But Cardinal Melville is adamant: he does not want the job, or at least needs time to think it over. What follows is a marvelous insight into the concept of a human being existing behind the title of God's representative on Earth. -- (C) IFC	NR	Comedy Drama	Nanni Moretti	Nanni Moretti|Federica Pontremoli|Francesco Piccolo	20120406	20120911	A light-hearted comedy about the Vatican and the Papacy under pressure due to a surprising development.	3/5	fresh		0	Spirituality and Practice	20120405
Director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) helmed this sci-fi thriller inspired by the stories in Isaac Asimov's nine-story anthology of the same name. In the future presented in the film, humans have become exceedingly dependent on robots in their everyday lives. Robots have become more and more advanced, but each one is preprogrammed to always obey humans and to, under no circumstances, ever harm a human. So, when a scientist turns up dead and a humanoid robot is the main suspect, the world is left to wonder if they are as safe around their electronic servants as previously thought. Will Smith stars as Del Spooner, the robot-hating Chicago cop assigned to the murder investigation. Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, and Chi McBride also star.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Alex Proyas	Akiva Goldsman|Jeff Vintar	20040716	20041214	A freshly microwaved mix of Blade Runner and Minority Report topped with a big dollop of cheese.	6/10	rotten	Jeffrey Chen	0	ReelTalk Movie Reviews	20040715
Now graduated from college and out in the real world where it takes more than a cappella to get by, the Bellas return in Pitch Perfect 3, the next chapter in the beloved series that has taken in more than	PG-13	Comedy	Trish Sie	Mike White|Kay Cannon	20171222	20180320	Whatever else is true of the movie, the cast is having fun, and Anna Kendrick gives phenomenal reaction shots.	2.5/5	rotten	Tim Brayton	0	Alternate Ending	20180106
With writer Brian Kessler's (David Duchovny) contractual deadline for a book on serial killing fast approaching, he and girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) decide to embark on a cross-country tour of famous murder sites for inspiration. When the couple advertises for fellow travelers to help absorb expenses, the only response comes from greasy trailer park denizen Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Only too late do Brian and Carrie realize just how close to serial murderers they're about to get.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Dominic Sena	Tim Metcalfe|Stephen Levy	19930903	19971028		D	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20110907
This western spoof tells the story of a tough schoolmarm who becomes a gunslinger to avenge the death of her father. Knowing the killer to be a formidable foe, she hires his twin brother, a drunken lout barely able to stand up, let alone hold a gun.	G	Classics Comedy Musical and Performing Arts Western	Elliot Silverstein|Elliott Silverstein	Walter Newman|Roy Chanslor|Frank Pierson	19650624	20000808		3/5	fresh	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20030303
This (13th) time around, 007 (once again played by Roger Moore) receives the usual call to come and visit M when another agent drops off a fake Faberge jeweled egg at the British embassy in East Berlin and is later killed at a traveling circus. Suspicions mount when the assistant manager of the circus Kamal (Louis Jourdan), outbids Bond for the real Faberge piece at Sotheby's. Bond follows Kamal to India where the superspy thwarts many an ingenious attack and encounters the antiheroine of the title (Maud Adams), an international smuggler who runs the circus as a cover for her illegal operations. It does not take long to figure out that Orlov (Steven Berkoff), a decidedly rank Russian general is planning to raise enough money with the fake Faberges to detonate a nuclear bomb in Europe and then defeat NATO forces once and for all in conventional warfare. John Glen returns again to handle directing duties, the second of five Bond films he lensed.	PG	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Glen		19830610	20001017	Roger Moore's best performance as Bond. He's sterling in this one.	5/5	fresh	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20030320
"For super-dog ""Bolt"", every day is filled with adventure, danger and intrigue - at least until the cameras stop rolling. When the star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City, he begins his biggest adventure yet - a cross-country journey through the real world to get back to his owner and co-star, Penny. Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real, and the help of two unlikely traveling companions -- a jaded, abandoned housecat named Mittens and a TV-obsessed hamster named Rhino -- Bolt discovers he doesn't need superpowers to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy			20081121	20090324	Disney surely sees that inside the kinetic movement of Pixar films is a lot of restraint. Bolt is super-fast, yet not as super-sincere as it would like to believe.	3/5	fresh	Joe Neumaier	1	New York Daily News	20081121
A boy from a broken home finds a friend in an insular, spiritual shopkeeper in this period drama from writer/director Fran	R	Art House and International Drama			20031205	20040706	...a sweet parable about making your own family.	3/4	fresh	Josh Larsen	0	Sun Publications (Chicago, IL)	20040305
Based on his a true story, THE RIDER stars breakout Brady Jandreau as a once rising star of the rodeo circuit warned that his competition days are over after a tragic riding accident. Back home, Brady finds himself wondering what he has to live for when he can no longer do what gives him a sense of purpose: to ride and compete. In an attempt to regain control of his fate, Brady undertakes a search for new identity and tries to redefine his idea of what it means to be a man in the heartland of America.	R	Drama			20180413	20180807	One of my favorite movies of the year, thus far.	4.5/5	fresh	Kristian Harloff	0	Schmoes Know	20181012
"Director Joe Johnston takes over the creative reins from Steven Spielberg for this third installment in the thriller franchise. Sam Neill returns as Dr. Alan Grant, a scientist who's tricked by wealthy couple Paul and Amanda Kirby (William H. Macy and Tea Leoni) into a fly-over of Isla Sorna. The object of their sightseeing tour is one of the Costa Rican islands populated by ferocious, genetically bred dinosaurs and the ""site B"" setting of Jurassic Park 2: The Lost World (1997). After their plane crash-lands, it's revealed that the Kirbys are actually seeking their teenage son, lost on the island after a paragliding accident. Trapped on Isla Sorna, Grant and his companions discover some painful truths the hard way. Among their discoveries: some of the scaly monsters possess more advanced communicative abilities than previously believed, the dreaded Tyrannosaurus Rex has a larger and more lethal competitor, and flying Pteranodons pose an even graver threat than some of their land-locked brethren. Jurassic Park III is the first in the series not to be based upon a novel by original author Michael Crichton."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Joe Johnston	Jim Taylor|Alexander Payne|Peter Buchman	20010718	20011211	Compared to some of this summer's blockbusters ... this is better than average.	3/5	fresh	Neil Smith	0	BBC.com	20010709
One of the most expensive films ever produced in China, the historical action epic Dragon Blade takes place during the Han Dynasty. The story centers on the commander of the Protection Squad of the Western Regions (Jackie Chan), who joins forces with Roman general Lucius (John Cusack) to protect China's sovereignty as power-crazed Tiberius (Adrien Brody) seeks to defeat Lucius once and for all.	R	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Daniel Lee	Daniel Lee	20150904	20151222	Cusack and Brody are painful to watch in their ill-suited roles.	1/5	rotten	Josh Bell	0	Las Vegas Weekly	20150902
Rango is a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis. After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in? When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt - a lawless outpost populated by the desert's most wily and whimsical creatures - the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt... -- (C) Paramount	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family	Gore Verbinski	John Logan	20110304	20110715	"What makes this unhinged, wildly self-conscious comedy-adventure more than a two-hour gimmick is an inspired vocal performance by Verbinski's ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" star, Johnny Depp."	2.5/4	fresh	Tom Keogh	1	Seattle Times	20110303
"Welcome to Mooseport. The sleepy Maine community has all the accoutrements of idyllic small town life: a little park and gazebo, quaint architecture, a moose that wanders through the streets, and lots of friendly townsfolk, including the proprietor of the local hardware store, Handy Harrison and his veterinarian girlfriend Sally. Mooseport also just happens to be the vacation home for the leader of the free world: Monroe ""Eagle"" Cole, the President of the United States. Following two successful terms, the wildly popular President is ready to retire to his ""Mooseport White House,"" publish his memoirs and embark on a series of lucrative speaking engagements. But Eagle's retirement is delayed when the folks of Mooseport convince the former President to run for Mayor. At the same time, he sparks to Sally--unaware that she is Handy's girlfriend. So, when a jealous Handy announces HIS candidacy for mayor, Eagle is dumbfounded. Handy, in turn, sees himself in a race for Mayor and boyfriend. As the campaign kicks into high gear, things get even wilder in this once quiet town."	PG-13	Comedy	Donald Petrie	Doug Richardson|Tom Schulman	20040220	20040525	Welcome to Snoozeport. The phrase 'sleepy little town' has a whole new meaning.	1/4	rotten	Sarah Chauncey	0	Reel.com	20040219
"Popular bogeymen Jason Voorhees terrorizes a group of nubile astronauts five centuries into the future in this sci-fi update of the Friday the 13th franchise. Early in the 21st century, Jason (actor/stunt man Kane Hoddar, filling the role for a fourth time) is experimented upon by army technocrats who hope to turn his supernatural invulnerability into a military application. Most of them meet a swift and bloody end -- except Rowan (Lexa Doig), a beautiful functionary, who traps the killer in a cryogenic stasis chamber. Unfortunately, she takes a machete blow in the process, gets frozen herself, and wakes up on a spaceship in the year 2455. The earth has long since been rendered uninhabitable, but the survivors include a group of archaeological students headed by Professor Lowe (Jonathan Potts), who hopes to make a quick buck by selling the corpse of the historical serial killer. The kids re-animate Rowan with the help of nanotechnology. Little do they know that a mere thaw job is enough to resuscitate Jason and reawaken his bloodthirst. Soon, the comely students and their space-marine protectors are being dispatched one by one. Help arrives in the form of a holographic chamber and an android named Kay-Em 14 (Lisa Ryder). Soon, though, Jason himself gets an upgrade -- just as the spaceship is getting ready to self-destruct. The tenth installment in the long-running horror series, Jason X was the first new entry to appear in almost a decade. In fact, the previous film, 1993's Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday, was one of two installments whose titles erroneously contained the word ""final."""	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	James Isaac	Todd Farmer	20020426	20040601	Expect the same-old, lame-old slasher nonsense, just with different scenery.	1/4	rotten	John Monaghan	1	Detroit Free Press	20020425
An all-star cast of action-movie icons headline Sylvester Stallone's explosive action thriller about a group of hard-nosed mercenaries who are double-crossed during a treacherous mission. Approached by the shadowy Church (Bruce Willis) to overthrow tyrannical South American dictator General Gaza (David Zayas) and restore order to the troubled island country of Vilena, stoic soldier of fortune Barney Ross (Stallone) rounds up an unstoppable team that includes former SAS soldier and blade specialist Lee Christmas (Jason Statham); martial arts expert Yin (Jet Li); trigger-happy Hale Caesar (Terry Crews); and cerebral demolitions expert Toll Road (Randy Couture). Traveling to Vilena on a reconnaissance mission with his old pal Christmas, Barney meets their local contact, a cagey guerrilla fighter named Sandra (Giselle Itie), and together the trio scopes out the landscape.. It isn't long before Barney and Christmas have discovered that their actual target is not General Gaza but James Monroe (Eric Roberts), a former CIA operative who has recently gone rogue. Monroe won't be easy to get to either, because his hulking bodyguard Paine (Steve Austin) is a force to be reckoned with. When their mission is compromised, Barney and Christmas are forced to flee, leaving Sandra behind to face almost certain death. But Barney isn't the kind of soldier to abandon a mission, or a hostage, and now in order to get the job done he'll need the help of his old crew.	R	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sylvester Stallone	Dave Callaham|Sylvester Stallone	20100813	20101123	The world has changed since Rambo and Arnold held sway, which isn't the film's fault. But it's going to be held accountable anyway.	C	rotten	Laremy Legel	1	Film.com	20100813
'THX 1138' is a chilling look at a 25th-century totalitarian state where mankind is stripped of any individuality. People are numbered drones, and a government-enforced program of sedating drugs controls the populace. The story's title character, THX, is a factory worker whose life is irrevocably changed when he stops taking his mind-numbing drugs.	PG	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	George Lucas	George Lucas|Walter Murch	19710311	20040914	Robert Duvall is a worker drone in a futuristic nightmare, man. Until he stops taking his pills and sees how groovy the world can be. Trippy.	2/4	rotten	Eric Melin	0	Lawrence.com	20040910
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Disney's Enchanted is the sweet, lighthearted antithesis to the more serious fare this holiday season, fueled by a thoroughly captivating performance from Amy Adams.	3/4	fresh	Kit Bowen	0	Hollywood.com	20071126
Director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) helmed this sci-fi thriller inspired by the stories in Isaac Asimov's nine-story anthology of the same name. In the future presented in the film, humans have become exceedingly dependent on robots in their everyday lives. Robots have become more and more advanced, but each one is preprogrammed to always obey humans and to, under no circumstances, ever harm a human. So, when a scientist turns up dead and a humanoid robot is the main suspect, the world is left to wonder if they are as safe around their electronic servants as previously thought. Will Smith stars as Del Spooner, the robot-hating Chicago cop assigned to the murder investigation. Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, and Chi McBride also star.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Alex Proyas	Akiva Goldsman|Jeff Vintar	20040716	20041214	A routine Will Smith cop-on- the-hunt thriller at heart, I, Robot lacks imaginative excitement.	B-	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20040714
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	As he eases toward his subtly stirring resolution, it's hard to resist getting swept up in the moment; for somewhere along the way, Kore-eda has brought us into the fold.	4/5	fresh		0	Montreal Gazette	20160728
Kids on a family vacation must fight off an attack by knee-high alien invaders with world-destroying ambitions. At the same time, the youngsters work hard to keep their parents in the dark about the battle upstairs. It all starts as a meteor shower rockets across the dark galaxy. Four glowing pods sparkle and crackle while hiding behind the meteor show. A mysterious force makes the meteor shower turn a hard right towards a bright blue ball in the distance - planet Earth.	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	John Schultz		20090731	20091103	A surprisingly likable execution of a very thin premise	B-	fresh	Luke Y. Thompson	0	E! Online	20090731
"Based on the inspiring true story of West High School girls' volleyball team. After the loss of the school's star player, Caroline ""Line"" Found, in an accident, the remaining team players must band together under the guidance of their tough-love coach in hope of winning the state championship."	PG	Drama	Sean McNamara	David Aaron Cohen|Elissa Matsueda	20180406	20180731	Iowa produces more corn than any other state in the Union, and this year it will have to add 'The Miracle Season' to the crop count. 	C-	rotten	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20180405
"The eerie and deserted ghost town of Silent Hill draws a young mother desperate to find a cure for her only child's illness. Unable to accept the doctor's diagnosis that her daughter should be permanently institutionalized for psychiatric care, Rose flees with her child, heading for the abandoned town in search of answers -- and ignoring the protests of her husband. It's soon clear this place is unlike anywhere she's ever been. It's smothered by fog, inhabited by a variety of strange beings and periodically overcome by a living ""darkness"" that literally transforms everything it touches. As Rose begins to learn the history of the strange town, she realizes that her daughter is just a pawn in a larger game."	R	Action and Adventure Horror	Christophe Gans	Roger Avary	20060421	20060822	"Silent Hill is like an endurance test to get to the ""'truth', but it's ultimately a gyp because it still doesn't make sense when you get there."	2/5	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20060513
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	Those who found Waller's book an outrageously bad read may be gratefully surprised to find less mush in the movie.	2.5/4	fresh	Gary Thompson	0	Philadelphia Daily News	20130731
The first feature-length motion picture to use computer-generated imagery to create not only effects, props, and environments but also the human cast members themselves, this lavish science-fiction adventure follows closely on the heels of another video game-based film, Tomb Raider (2001). Ming-Na provides the voice of Dr. Aki Ross, a female scientist in the year 2065, a time when Earth has been overrun by extraterrestrial phantoms borne of a crashed meteor. Humans have been pushed back to cities protected by barriers that keep the marauding space monsters away, but time is running out. Fatally infected by one of the ghostly beasts, Ross seeks information about their purpose and physiology, assisted by her mentor Dr. Sid (voice of Donald Sutherland) and the Deep Eyes military squad of courageous Captain Gray Edwards (voice of Alec Baldwin). Tension develops between Aki's quest to stop the alien onslaught through study and the more extreme solution favored by the vengeful, saber-rattling General Hein (voice of James Woods), who would destroy both the aliens and the Earth itself. Aki ultimately comes to realize that the key to unlocking the mystery of the invaders lies within her own dreams.	PG-13	Animation Science Fiction and Fantasy	Hironobu Sakaguchi|Motonori Sakakibara|Jack Fletcher	Hironobu Sakaguchi|Al Reinert|Jeff Vintar	20010711	20011023	Great animation, third-rate plot, but it still appeals to the geek within.	B-	fresh	Steve Murray	1	Atlanta Journal-Constitution	20010710
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	It sends its audience sprawling. It swerves past our preconceptions. 	4.0/5	fresh	Tony Macklin	0	tonymacklin.net	20171129
"Once one of the world's top masked crime fighters, Bob Parr--known to all as ""Mr. Incredible""--fought evil and saved lives on a daily basis. But now fifteen years later, Bob and his wife--a famous superhero in her own right--have adopted civilian identities and retreated to the suburbs to live normal lives with their three kids. Now he's a clock-punching insurance claims adjuster fighting boredom and a bulging waistline. Itching to get back into action, Bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top-secret assignment."	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Brad Bird	Brad Bird	20041105	20050315	The Incredibles is the finest of Pixar combined with the best parts of Spider-Man, Superman and Batman...plus it's pretty damn funny too.	4.5/5	fresh	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20041105
In his follow-up to the four-time Academy Award (R)-nominated blockbuster The Help, Tate Taylor directs 42's Chadwick Boseman as James Brown in Get on Up. Based on the incredible life story of the Godfather of Soul, the film will give a fearless look inside the music, moves and moods of Brown, taking audiences on the journey from his impoverished childhood to his evolution into one of the most influential figures of the 20th century. Boseman is joined in the drama by Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Nelsan Ellis, Lennie James, Tika Sumpter, Jill Scott and Dan Aykroyd.	PG-13	Drama	Tate Taylor	Tate Taylor|Jez Butterworth|John-Henry Butterworth|Steven Baigelman	20140801	20150106	It's difficult to dislike a film that begins with late-model, track-suited James Brown... delivering a monologue on matters of self-determination and the pleasure of bowel movements in the privacy of one's own toilet.	3/5	fresh	Dave White	0	Movies.com	20140801
Ridley Scott directs the crime comedy Matchstick Men, based on the novel of the same name by Eric Garcia. Neurotic con man Roy (Nicolas Cage) suffers from several emotional problems, including obsessive-compulsive disorder. He and his partner Frank (Sam Rockwell) swindle people out of money by posing as money collectors who promise things like tax refunds, package vacations, and other fabulous prizes (which they never get). Frank wants to pull a really big job, but Roy is too consumed with fear and panic attacks to join him. Only cigarettes and his trusty illegal prescription drugs seem to keep him going. When Roy finds himself in desperate need of more pills, he is forced to see legitimate psychotherapist Dr. Klein (Bruce Altman). Roy ends up talking about his emotional damage from a troubled marriage and divorce, which results in the discovery of a child whom he has never met. Dr. Klein suggests that he spend a weekend with the kid, so in walks teenaged Angela (played by twentysomething Alison Lohman). Reluctant to develop his role as a father, Roy also gets heavily involved in Frank's ambitious swindle.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Ridley Scott	Nicholas Griffin|Ted Griffin	20030912	20040601	A post-pubescent Paper Moon with a hell of a hair-pin twist...Ridley Scott is surprisingly deft with comedy.	3/4	fresh	Rob Blackwelder	0	SPLICEDWire	20030912
Convinced that a series of coincidences involving a doorman hold some secret to life's largest riddles, Albert Markovski seeks the help of a detective agency unlike any other--which leads him down a path that questions the essence of existence itself. In an attempt to ferret out the meaning of these flukes, he consults Bernard and Vivian Jaffe, AKA the Existential Detectives, a pair of married metaphysicians who fearlessly investigate the mysteries at the core of their clients' secret innermost lives. Bernard and Vivian kick off their existential exploration of Albert Markovski by probing his past and present reality. Along the way, they uncover his festering conflict with Brad Stand, a golden boy executive climbing the corporate ladder at Huckabees, a popular chain of retail super-stores that wants to sponsor Albert's Open Spaces Coalition for the PR value. The Existential Detectives are convinced that Brad (seemingly Albert's opposite) is the key to cracking Albert's case, but then Brad turns the tables on their investigation, by hiring the detectives himself. As Bernard and Vivian begin to dig deeper into Brad's ambition and his relationship with Huckabees' hot blonde spokes model Dawn, Albert begins to lose faith and rebels against their conclusions. Pairing up with another of the duo's clients--firefighter, tough guy and uncompromising soul searcher Tommy--he joins forces with the Jaffes' arch nemesis, the sexy French philosopher Caterine Vauban, who valiantly battles for the contrasting point of view. Now, as Being chases Nothingness, Albert, Tommy, Brad, Dawn, Bernard, Vivian and Caterine chase one another in a wild romp through life's biggest questions to find the true answer.	R	Comedy Drama			20041001	20050222		2.5/5	rotten		0	Film Threat	20051206
"Welcome to Mooseport. The sleepy Maine community has all the accoutrements of idyllic small town life: a little park and gazebo, quaint architecture, a moose that wanders through the streets, and lots of friendly townsfolk, including the proprietor of the local hardware store, Handy Harrison and his veterinarian girlfriend Sally. Mooseport also just happens to be the vacation home for the leader of the free world: Monroe ""Eagle"" Cole, the President of the United States. Following two successful terms, the wildly popular President is ready to retire to his ""Mooseport White House,"" publish his memoirs and embark on a series of lucrative speaking engagements. But Eagle's retirement is delayed when the folks of Mooseport convince the former President to run for Mayor. At the same time, he sparks to Sally--unaware that she is Handy's girlfriend. So, when a jealous Handy announces HIS candidacy for mayor, Eagle is dumbfounded. Handy, in turn, sees himself in a race for Mayor and boyfriend. As the campaign kicks into high gear, things get even wilder in this once quiet town."	PG-13	Comedy	Donald Petrie	Doug Richardson|Tom Schulman	20040220	20040525	Welcome to Mooseport has its share of clever ideas ... yet the picture is packaged with so little flair that's it's difficult to love.	2.5/4	rotten	Jon Niccum	0	Lawrence Journal-World	20040220
From writer/director David Koepp (Stir of Echoes) comes this filmed adaptation of Stephen King's novella Secret Window, Secret Garden, one of four stories in the collection Four Past Midnight. Johnny Depp stars as Mort Rainey, a recently divorced author who decides to take some time off at his cottage. Unfortunately for Rainey, John Shooter (John Turturro), an unbalanced wannabe writer, tracks him down, claiming that Rainey plagiarized his work. Also starring Maria Bello, Charles S. Dutton, and Timothy Hutton, Secret Window is the second story from Four Past Midnight to be adapted as a film, the first being 1995's made-for-television The Langoliers.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Koepp	David Koepp	20040312	20040622	Another lousy movie adapted from Stephen King's writing; another slander against the mentally ill; another energetic Depp performance in a losing cause.	0/5	rotten	Martin Scribbs	0	Mixed Reviews	20040806
Convinced that a series of coincidences involving a doorman hold some secret to life's largest riddles, Albert Markovski seeks the help of a detective agency unlike any other--which leads him down a path that questions the essence of existence itself. In an attempt to ferret out the meaning of these flukes, he consults Bernard and Vivian Jaffe, AKA the Existential Detectives, a pair of married metaphysicians who fearlessly investigate the mysteries at the core of their clients' secret innermost lives. Bernard and Vivian kick off their existential exploration of Albert Markovski by probing his past and present reality. Along the way, they uncover his festering conflict with Brad Stand, a golden boy executive climbing the corporate ladder at Huckabees, a popular chain of retail super-stores that wants to sponsor Albert's Open Spaces Coalition for the PR value. The Existential Detectives are convinced that Brad (seemingly Albert's opposite) is the key to cracking Albert's case, but then Brad turns the tables on their investigation, by hiring the detectives himself. As Bernard and Vivian begin to dig deeper into Brad's ambition and his relationship with Huckabees' hot blonde spokes model Dawn, Albert begins to lose faith and rebels against their conclusions. Pairing up with another of the duo's clients--firefighter, tough guy and uncompromising soul searcher Tommy--he joins forces with the Jaffes' arch nemesis, the sexy French philosopher Caterine Vauban, who valiantly battles for the contrasting point of view. Now, as Being chases Nothingness, Albert, Tommy, Brad, Dawn, Bernard, Vivian and Caterine chase one another in a wild romp through life's biggest questions to find the true answer.	R	Comedy Drama			20041001	20050222	This movie is definitely geared toward blue-staters.	4.5/5	fresh	John R. McEwen	0	Film Quips Online	20041207
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Enchanted is rich in Disney iconography, the best recipient of which is Susan Sarandon as the wicked Queen. The film in general really benefits from a stellar production team that create the feeling of a classic Disney film in the real world.	7/10	fresh	Joshua Starnes	0	ComingSoon.net	20110321
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	Dragons, man. That's all we're really here to see, and they do not disappoint in the slightest. 	6/10	fresh	Tim Brayton	0	Antagony &amp; Ecstasy	20121221
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	...the story fails to take the high road...	1.5/4	rotten	Mark Collette	0	Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)	20041231
After making a striking directorial debut with her screen adaptation of The Virgin Suicides, Sofia Coppola offers a story of love and friendship blooming under unlikely circumstances in this comedy drama. Bob Harris (Bill Murray) is a well-known American actor whose career has gone into a tailspin; needing work, he takes a very large fee to appear in a commercial for Japanese whiskey to be shot in Tokyo. Feeling no small degree of culture shock in Japan, Bob spends most of his non-working hours at his hotel, where he meets Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson) at the bar. Twentysomething Charlotte is married to John (Giovanni Ribisi), a successful photographer who is in Tokyo on an assignment, leaving her to while away her time while he works. Beyond their shared bemusement and confusion with the sights and sounds of contemporary Tokyo, Bob and Charlotte share a similar dissatisfaction with their lives; the spark has gone out of Bob's marriage, and he's become disillusioned with his career. Meanwhile, Charlotte is puzzled with how much John has changed in their two years of marriage, while she's been unable to launch a creative career of her own. Bob and Charlotte become fast friends, and as they explore Tokyo, they begin to wonder if their sudden friendship might be growing into something more.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Sofia Coppola	Sofia Coppola	20030926	20040203	Textured, thoughtful and touching.	A	fresh	Tom Long	1	Detroit News	20030920
From the team behind Man on Wire comes the story of Nim, the chimpanzee who in the 1970s became the focus of a landmark experiment which aimed to show that an ape could learn to communicate with language if raised and nurtured like a human child. Following Nim's extraordinary journey through human society, and the enduring impact he makes on the people he meets along the way, the film is an unflinching and unsentimental biography of an animal we tried to make human. What we learn about his true nature - and indeed our own - is comic, revealing and profoundly unsettling. -- (C) Roadside Attractions	PG-13	Art House and International Documentary	James Marsh		20110708	20120207	For the second film in a row, Marsh has created a movie we can't keep our eyes off.	3.5/4	fresh	Stephen Cole	1	Globe and Mail	20110729
Rango is a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis. After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in? When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt - a lawless outpost populated by the desert's most wily and whimsical creatures - the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt... -- (C) Paramount	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family	Gore Verbinski	John Logan	20110304	20110715	It's ultimately a pastiche-by-numbers and doesn't live up to its full potential, but as a visual treat and one of Depp's better vehicles of recent years, it delivers the basic goods.	3/5	fresh	Shaun Munro	0	What Culture	20110228
On the slopes of an active volcano in Guatemala, a marriage is arranged for 17-year-old Maria by her Kaqchikel parents.	NR	Art House and International Drama	Jayro Bustamante	Jayro Bustamante	20160819	20170117	As an indictment of how people of privilege continue to exploit and abuse life's have-nots, the movie is devastating.	3/4	fresh	Anita Katz	0	San Francisco Examiner	20160826
Alfie Elkins is a philosophical womanizer who is forced to question his seemingly carefree existence. Ultimately, his freewheeling lifestyle begins to slowly unravel.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Charles Shyer	Charles Shyer|Elaine Pope	20041105	20050315	From the perspective of pure entertainment, Alfie is never boring and always easy on the eyes.	3/4	fresh	Mack Bates	0	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	20041104
In the riveting suspense drama, CHAPPAQUIDDICK, the scandal and mysterious events surrounding the tragic drowning of a young woman, as Ted Kennedy drove his car off the infamous bridge, are revealed in the new movie starring Jason Clarke as Ted Kennedy and Kate Mara as Mary Jo Kopechne. Not only did this event take the life of an aspiring political strategist and Kennedy insider, but it ultimately changed the course of presidential history forever. Through true accounts, documented in the inquest from the investigation in 1969, director John Curran and writers Andrew Logan and Taylor Allen, intimately expose the broad reach of political power, the influence of America's most celebrated family; and the vulnerability of Ted Kennedy, the youngest son, in the shadow of his family legacy.	PG-13	Mystery and Suspense	John Curran	Taylor Allen|Andrew Logan	20180406	20180710	Chappaquiddick is the best film to date directed by John Curran.	4/5	fresh	David Stratton	0	The Australian	20180504
"Welcome to Mooseport. The sleepy Maine community has all the accoutrements of idyllic small town life: a little park and gazebo, quaint architecture, a moose that wanders through the streets, and lots of friendly townsfolk, including the proprietor of the local hardware store, Handy Harrison and his veterinarian girlfriend Sally. Mooseport also just happens to be the vacation home for the leader of the free world: Monroe ""Eagle"" Cole, the President of the United States. Following two successful terms, the wildly popular President is ready to retire to his ""Mooseport White House,"" publish his memoirs and embark on a series of lucrative speaking engagements. But Eagle's retirement is delayed when the folks of Mooseport convince the former President to run for Mayor. At the same time, he sparks to Sally--unaware that she is Handy's girlfriend. So, when a jealous Handy announces HIS candidacy for mayor, Eagle is dumbfounded. Handy, in turn, sees himself in a race for Mayor and boyfriend. As the campaign kicks into high gear, things get even wilder in this once quiet town."	PG-13	Comedy	Donald Petrie	Doug Richardson|Tom Schulman	20040220	20040525	... limp and dreadfully dull.	1.5/4	rotten	Jonathan R. Perry	0	Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)	20040222
A couple's strength and faith are tested after the wife is injured in a car crash and husband becomes attracted to another woman.	PG-13	Drama Horror	Bill Duke	Brian Bird	20090109	20090407	Humorous asides in no way interfere with the ability of this modern parable to drive home a sobering message about the sanctity of marriage. Faith-based entertainment at its best that you don't have to be Born Again to appreciate.	4/4	fresh	Kam Williams	0	NewsBlaze	20090111
"This black comedy chronicles the fall of one of the world's most unlovable clowns as he plies his trade and tries to survive in Palukaville a town where everyone is more or less a Bozo. Shakes loves women and more than that, he loves his booze. Like many of his painted peers, ol' Shakes likes to hang out at The Twisted Balloon, the favorite local pub where he hoists a few, beats up on mimes (the lowest caste in Palukaville) and causes trouble with his girl friend Judy, a woman who cannot say the letter ""L."" Because the slovenly Shakes can't seem to make it to birthday parties sober and on time, he is fired from his booking agency, causing him to go on a big drinking binge. Later, Shakes awakens and learns that Binky, a lousy TV-clown, is framing him for beating up Shake's former boss with a juggling pin. Now poor Shakes must clear his name. He must also rescue ""Juwee"" who has been kidnapped by the nefarious Binky, and he must come to grips with his alcohol problem (perhaps the film could be therefore titled ""Clown and Sober?""). Keep an eye peeled for cameos by Robin Williams, as a mime instructor, and Florence Henderson as one of Shake's illicit sexual conquests."	R	Comedy Drama	Bobcat Goldthwait	Bobcat Goldthwait	19920101	20000404	A bizarre comedy that stretches its central gimmick thinner than watered-down carnival taffy.	1/4	rotten		0	TV Guide	20080522
Directing his first film since 1998's Lethal Weapon 4, Richard Donner helmed this big-budget adaptation of Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. Featuring a script by first-time screenwriter George Nolfi, Timeline begins in France in the near future. A group of students from Yale are there studying a medieval site, when their professor, played by Billy Connolly, mysteriously goes missing. To make matters more enigmatic, the students are then taken back to the United States by a shadowy technology company called ITC, led by Robert Doniger (David Thewlis). The eccentric Doniger explains that because of a machine that his company built, their professor is trapped in 14th century France. In order to rescue him, two of the students, Chris Hughes (Paul Walker) and Kate Erickson (Frances O'Connor), along with Andre Marek (Gerard Butler), an archeological site manager, must travel to France, circa 1357, amid archaic war, deadly diseases, and other unexpected pitfalls. Meanwhile, David Stern (Ethan Embry), a third student, stays behind to keep an eye on the shady Doniger.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Donner	Jeff Maguire|George Nolfi	20031126	20040413	Whatever provocative notions this concept carried are smothered over by dissonance and contrivance.	1.5/4	rotten	Gene Seymour	1	Newsday	20031125
In this wickedly funny screwball satire, Mel Coplin, his wife, their four-month-old baby, and an adoption agency psychologist embark on a zany quest to find Mel's biological parents. Wanting to meet his real parents before naming his son, Mel drags his family all over the country before finding them.	R	Comedy			19960322	19990615		4/4	fresh	Edward Guthmann	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20020618
"Set in a dystopic present where vigilant gargoyles and ferocious demons rage in a battle for ultimate power, Victor Frankenstein's creation Adam (Aaron Eckhart) finds himself caught in the middle as both sides race to discover the secret to his immortality. From the creators of the hit supernatural saga, UNDERWORLD, comes the action thriller I, FRANKENSTEIN, written for the screen and directed by Stuart Beattie based on the graphic novel ""I, Frankenstein"" by Kevin Grevioux, and brought to life by a cast that includes Aaron Eckhart, Bill Nighy, Yvonne Strahovski, Miranda Otto, Jai Courtney, Socratis Otto, Mahesh Jadu, Caitlin Stasey and Aden Young as Victor Frankenstein. (c) Lionsgate"	PG-13	Horror Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Stuart Beattie	Stuart Beattie	20140124	20140513	The numerous battles are confusingly handled and the actors aren't given many opportunities given the dialogue they're forced to speak. 	1.5/5	rotten	David Stratton	0	At the Movies (Australia)	20140318
James Robert Kennedy--nicknamed 'Radio' because of his vintage radio collection and his love of music--is a loner in Anderson, South Carolina, pushing his ever-present grocery cart up and down the streets. He speaks to no one and is rarely spoken to, until one day, Coach Harold Jones, one of the town's most respected men, and coach of the popular high school football team, befriends him. Radio is suspicious at first. But Coach Jones is persistent, even enlisting the help of Radio's mother. Jones' friends and family are taken aback as well since, until he met Radio, all his energies were poured exclusively into football. Slowly, Coach Jones earns Radio's trust and opens up a new world to him. He invites Radio to help out at football practice and during games and to sit in on his classes at school, despite the initial misgivings of Principal Daniels. He also champions him to the football players, the students and faculty. Coach Jones' life is also enriched by Radio, from whom he learns to value friendship and family ties as much as he does coaching football. Still, there are those in town who believe that Coach Jones' devotion to the young man is distracting him from his duties as head coach of the football team. There are several attempts to have Radio barred from the classroom and, after his mother's untimely death, remanded to a mental-health facility. Coach Jones valiantly fights off these efforts, but he is finally forced to make a difficult decision, which will impact both his growing friendship with Radio and his career as a football coach.	PG	Drama	Mike Tollin|Michael Tollin	Mike Rich	20031024	20040127	It's still a tear-jerker, but it doesn't make you feel like a jerk for tearing up.	3/5	fresh	Jay Boyar	1	Orlando Sentinel	20031024
Do yourself a favor and take this wry, quirky ride through the Irish countryside with a pair of mismatched ex-cons (Peter McDonald and Brendan Gleeson) compelled by a ruthless gangster to fetch his former partner by any means necessary. Jammed tight with beautiful scenery, whip-smart dialogue (by Conor McPherson) and bravura acting.	R	Comedy Drama	Paddy Breathnach	Conor McPherson	19980612	19981110		4.5/5	fresh	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
In this comedy thriller, set in northern California, inept but lovable pot farmers Jack Madsen (Billy Bob Thornton) and Carter (Hank Azaria) work for San Francisco entrepreneur Malcolm Stockman (John Lithgow), who arrives for a visit via copter. As soon as Malcolm steps out, the copter pilot shoots him and takes off, leaving the two aghast along with apprentice Harlan (Ryan Phillippe). Minus a boss, the naive trio deduces no paychecks are forthcoming, so they collect cannabis for a big payoff and head to the nearby town where they meet up with go-between Lucy (Kelly Lynch). However, their explanations of Malcolm's whereabouts and their sudden need to sell some of the crop arouse suspicions, while their lazy days on the dope farm have left them unprepared as businessmen seeking buyers for millions in contraband. They soon find themselves in a shadowy new world of greed, paranoia, and duplicity.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Stephen Gyllenhaal	Nicholas Kazan|Stephen Gyllenhaal	19980101	19980901		4/5	fresh	Brian J. Arthurs	0	Beach Reporter (Southern California)	20021206
The indestructible hopped-up hitman Chev Chelios, played to the hilt once again by Jason Statham, returns in Crank High Voltage, picking up where the first film left off -- except this time, Chelios is chasing a Chinese gangster who hijacked his heart and substituted it with a mechanical one that needs to be jolted with an electric charge to stay pumping. Back for the fun is Chev's girlfriend Eve (	R	Action and Adventure Comedy	Mark Neveldine|Brian Taylor	Brian Taylor|Mark Neveldine	20090417	20090908	Have you ever chugged three Red Bulls right before a game of Grand Theft Auto? This ADD-infused action sequel...is a bit like that. Except even less family friendly.	A-	fresh	Luke Y. Thompson	0	E! Online	20090417
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	"Hitchcock"" falls prey to its unfocused narrative intentions. "	C+	rotten	Cole Smithey	0	ColeSmithey.com	20121121
A man is being driven crazy by his shiftless best friend, just as the layabout starts making nice with his wife and neighbors in this comedy. Carl and Molly (Matt Dillon and Kate Hudson) are a thirtysomething couple who have just gotten married and are settling down into a cozy new home in a quiet neighborhood. While Carl and Molly are happy with their new digs, Carl's best friend, Randy Dupree (Owen Wilson), is not content with his living arrangements. Dupree has all but made a career out of avoiding work, responsibility, and commitment, and while his charm usually manages to keep him afloat, when he loses his job, his apartment, and his car. Carl can't bear to see Dupree in such dire circumstances, and tells Dupree he can stay on their couch until he can get things straightened out. But while Carl was expecting Dupree to stay for a few days, it soon becomes obvious to both him and Molly that their guest has no intention of moving out anytime soon, and while the likable freeloader starts working his charm on Molly, their neighbors, and their friends, Carl soon finds himself at the end of his rope with his best man and childhood buddy. You, Me and Dupree also stars Amanda Detmer, Seth Rogen, and Michael Douglas as Molly's father.	PG-13	Comedy	Anthony Russo|Joe Russo		20060713	20061121	Given the intellectual level of this film and its lack of humor, it is not surprising that the ending rewards bad behavior. If you're smart, it's an ending you will never see.	3/10	rotten	Tony Medley	0	tonymedley.com	20060712
This holiday season, acclaimed filmmaker Cameron Crowe (Jerry Maguire, Almost Famous) directs an amazing and true story about a single dad who decides his family needs a fresh start, so he and his two children move to the most unlikely of places: a zoo. With the help of an eclectic staff, and with many misadventures along the way, the family works to return the dilapidated zoo to its former wonder and glory. -- (C) Official Site	PG	Comedy Drama	Cameron Crowe	Aline Brosh McKenna|Cameron Crowe	20111223	20120403	It's something of a sweet-natured slog, peppered, as all of Crowe's films are, peppered with the pop music the former pop music journalist loves.	2.5/4	fresh	Roger Moore	0	Tribune News Service	20120323
A woman is forced to prove her own sanity to save the life of her daughter in this taut thriller. Kyle Pratt (Jodie Foster) is a successful aircraft designer who has recently been dealing with the traumatic death of her husband. After traveling to Berlin on business with her six-year-old daughter, Julia (Marlene Lawston), Kyle falls asleep on their flight back to New York, only to discover that her daughter has gone missing. While not knowing where Julia has gone is troubling enough, even more disturbing is the insistence by sky marshal Gene Carson (Peter Sarsgaard) and Captain Rich (Sean Bean) that no records indicate that the child ever boarded the jet. As Kyle becomes increasingly desperate to find her daughter, she must prove to the men in charge that her daughter did in fact board the plane with her, and that this turn of events is not a product of her imagination. But if Julia has gone missing, who has taken her and why? Also starring Erika Christensen and Kate Beahan, Flightplan was the first English-language feature from German director Robert Schwentke.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Robert Schwentke		20050923	20060124	So preposterous that you not only have to put your brain on hold but remove it from your skull, toss it to the floor and stomp it into insensibility.	D	rotten	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20050922
"It has been two decades since master filmmaker GEORGE A. ROMERO's zombies have stalked the screens of motion picture theaters. For years, fans around the world have been eagerly awaiting his return.And now that day is here.An all-new chapter of horror is about to begin...George A. Romero's Land of the Dead is the acclaimed director's long-awaited return to the genre he invented, beginning with the seminal Night of the Living Dead and continuing with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead.In Romero's harrowing newest vision, the world (as humankind has known it) is merely a memory. In its place is the never-ending nightmare existence of us-the living-versus them-the ""walkers."" What's left of mankind is cordoned off behind the walls of a fortified city while the walking dead roam the vast wasteland beyond. The few wealthy and powerful try to maintain an illusion of life as it was, dwelling high above the city in the exclusive towers of Fiddler's Green, the last bastion of the ruling class. On the streets below, however, the remaining, less fortunate of the city's inhabitants eke out a hard-scrabble life, seeking what little solace they can in the vices available-gambling, flesh trade, drugs-anything that offers even a fleeting respite from the hell their lives have become.Both the lofty heights of Fiddler's Green and the demoralizing lows of the city below are lorded over by a handful of ruthless opportunists, led by Kaufman (DENNIS HOPPER), who keeps his hands in everything, from real estate to less above-board pursuits. To bring food and other essential supplies to the occupants of the city and to allow the Green's well-to-do to acquire the scarce luxury items to which they were once accustomed, a hardened group of mercenaries-headed by Riley (SIMON BAKER) and his second-in-command, Cholo (JOHN LEGUIZAMO)-run retrieval missions outside the city, protected by their massive armored vehicle, Dead Reckoning. Riley and Cholo, like Kaufman, are in it for the money, which they hope to use for their own escapes- Riley to the North, with promises of ""a world without fences"" and freedom, and Cholo to the luxury of Fiddler's Green, far away from the violent life he has known.While Kaufman and his employees concern themselves with commerce, life is changing both within and beyond the walls of the city. Unrest and anarchy are on the rise among the city's disenfranchised and outside, the army of the dead is changing, evolving, learning to organize and communicate.When Cholo commandeers Dead Reckoning, intent on extorting millions out of Kaufman and his cronies, Riley and his ragtag group-including Slack (ASIA ARGENTO) and Charlie (ROBERT JOY)-are called into action to stop Cholo and, in the process, protect the city and its population from the growing army of evolving zombies storming its weakening perimeter.Universal Pictures and Atmosphere Entertainment MM present A Mark Canton-Bernie Goldmann and Romero-Grunwald Production, in association with Wild Bunch: George A. Romero's Land of the Dead, starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper, Asia Argento, Robert Joy and John Leguizamo. Written and directed by Romero, the film is produced by MARK CANTON (Taking Lives), PETER GRUNWALD (Monkey Shines) and BERNIE GOLDMANN (Taking Lives).Joining Romero behind the camera are director of photography MIROSLAW BASZAK (Picture Claire), production designer ARV GREYWAL (upcoming 16 Blocks), editor MICHAEL DOHERTY (New Blood), costume designer ALEX KAVANAGH (upcoming Saw 2) and composers REINHOLD HEIL and JOHNNY KLIMEK (Shattered Glass). STEVE BARNETT, DENNIS E. JONES, RYAN KAVANAUGH and LYNWOOD SPINKS serve as executive producers. --"	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense			20050624	20051018	The themes of oppression and greed are tied even more relevantly in 'Land of the Dead' than any of its predecessors.	3/4	fresh	Eric Melin	0	Lawrence.com	20050624
"Featuring an all-star comedy cast including Aubrey Plaza, Johnny Simmons, Bill Hader,Alia Shawkat, Sarah Steele, Rachel Bilson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, DonaldGlover, Scott Porter, Andy Samberg, Connie Britton and Clark Gregg, ""The To Do List"" is a comedy about close friends and a special summer project, loosely inspired by the real-life adventures of first-time writer/director Maggie Carey. Set in 1993, valedictorian Brandy Klark wants to shed her uptight image before college, so she assembles a to do list of all the ""activities"" she missed out on in high school. Quickly realizing that she's way out of her depth, Brandy solicits her best friends, older sister and burnt-out boss for their help and advice. If the group is going to complete the list by September they'll need plenty of imagination and very open minds. (c) CBS Films"	R	Comedy	Maggie Carey	Maggie Carey	20130726	20131119	The film gives these people just about nothing funny to do, and it's full of both gross-out gags that don't connect and dialogue that isn't especially funny. 	2/5	rotten	Stephen Silver	0	EntertainmentTell	20131127
Judy Davis stars as French novelist George Sand in this romantic comedy, set among a loose-knit society of writers, artists and composers living in mid-19th century Europe. After converging on the country estate of the Duke and Duchess d'Antan (Anton Rogers and Emma Thompson), Sand and her friends--poet Alfred DeMussett (Mandy Patinkin), painter Eugene Delacroix (Ralph Brown), and composers Franz Liszt (Julian Sands) and Frederic Chopin (Hugh Grant)--spend their summer coping with romantic folly and enriching the tastes of their hosts.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	James Lapine	Sarah Kernochan	19910412	20020319		4/5	fresh	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20031010
The last thing the two Savage siblings ever wanted to do was look back on their undeniably dysfunctional family legacy. Wendy is a self-medicating struggling East Village playwright, AKA a temp who spends her days applying for grants and stealing office supplies, dating her very married neighbor. Jon is an obsessive compulsive college professor writing obscure books on even more obscure subjects in Buffalo who still can't commit to his girlfriend after four years even though her cooking brings him tears of joy. Then, out of the blue, comes the call that changes everything. They're told that the father they have long feared and avoided, Lenny Savage, has lost his marbles. And, there is no one to help him but his kids. Now, as they put the middle of their already arrested lives on hold, Wendy and Jon must live together under one roof for the first time since childhood, soon rediscovering the eccentricities that drove each other crazy. Faced with complete upheaval and the ultimate sibling rivalry battle over how to handle their father's final days, they are forced to face the past and finally start to realize what adulthood, family and, most surprisingly, each other are really about.	R	Comedy Drama	Tamara Jenkins	Tamara Jenkins	20071128	20080422	It could have been shortened a bit, I didn't think the material was enough for almost two hours, but if you enjoy dramedy's like SIDEWAYS, give it a try.	3/4	fresh	Austin Kennedy	0	Sin Magazine	20080822
A misplaced sausage and his savory friends embark on an existential adventure through the aisles of a massive supermarket in this raunchy animated comedy from Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. As the store's annual 4th of July sale draws near, the perishable pals must return to their rightful places on the shelves before the customers come flooding in to fill their carts. Conrad Vernon (Monsters vs. Aliens) takes the helm for this Sony Pictures/AnnaPurna Pictures co-production penned by Rogen, Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ariel Shaffirwhich.	R	Animation Comedy	Conrad Vernon|Greg Tiernan	Kyle Hunter|Ariel Shaffir|Seth Rogen|Evan Goldberg	20160812	20161108	An efficient laughing machine and a visually appealing film. [Full review in Spanish]	4/5	fresh		0		20161018
"A group of scientific researchers on a space station attempt to harness a new energy source called the ""God Particle,"" only to unleash something terrifying. Julius Onah (The Girl Is in Trouble) directed this sci-fi thriller, which stars Gugu Mbatha-Raw, David Oyelowo, Daniel Br"	NR	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Julius Onah	Oren Uziel	20180204	20190205	The Cloverfield Paradox tries to wedge itself into Bad Robot's franchise, but ultimately comes off as a quickie fixer-upper with enough story issues of its own.	5/10	rotten	Matt Donato	0	We Got This Covered	20180205
"For super-dog ""Bolt"", every day is filled with adventure, danger and intrigue - at least until the cameras stop rolling. When the star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City, he begins his biggest adventure yet - a cross-country journey through the real world to get back to his owner and co-star, Penny. Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real, and the help of two unlikely traveling companions -- a jaded, abandoned housecat named Mittens and a TV-obsessed hamster named Rhino -- Bolt discovers he doesn't need superpowers to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy			20081121	20090324	If Bolt does not quite rise to the level of bona fide Pixar masterpieces like Wall-E, Finding Nemo and Ratatouille, it does manage to be frisky, funny and inventive enough to engage the attention of grown-ups as well as children.	3.5/5	fresh		1	New York Times	20081121
This is director Frank Capra's classic bittersweet comedy/drama about George Bailey (James Stewart), the eternally-in-debt guiding force of a bank in the typical American small town of Bedford Falls. As the film opens, it's Christmas Eve, 1946, and George, who has long considered himself a failure, faces financial ruin and arrest and is seriously contemplating suicide. High above Bedford Falls, two celestial voices discuss Bailey's dilemma and decide to send down eternally bumbling angel Clarence Oddbody (Henry Travers), who after 200 years has yet to earn his wings, to help George out. But first, Clarence is given a crash course on George's life, and the multitude of selfless acts he has performed: rescuing his younger brother from drowning, losing the hearing in his left ear in the process; enduring a beating rather than allow a grieving druggist (H.B. Warner) to deliver poison by mistake to an ailing child; foregoing college and a long-planned trip to Europe to keep the Bailey Building and Loan from letting its Depression-era customers down; and, most important, preventing town despot Potter (Lionel Barrymore) from taking over Bedford Mills and reducing its inhabitants to penury. Along the way, George has married his childhood sweetheart Mary (Donna Reed), who has stuck by him through thick and thin. But even the love of Mary and his children are insufficient when George, faced with an	PG	Classics Comedy Drama Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Frank Capra	Frank Capra|Frances Goodrich|Albert Hackett	19461225	19950919	This great American fable is buoyed by its unwavering faith in the wealth of the human spirit.	9	fresh	Dan Jardine	0	Apollo Guide	20000101
To make waves on the campaign trail, a late-night political talkshow host runs for president--only to have his prank backfire when he actually wins the election.	PG	Comedy Television	Barry Levinson	Barry Levinson	20061013	20070220	Cynicism or stupidity? It's hard to say which has the run of this idiotic satire in which Robin Williams plays a talk-show host who runs for president on a ticket of cleaning up politics.	2/5	rotten	Cath Clarke	0	Guardian	20071102
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	Reign of Fire comes across as too concerned with traditional crowd-pleasing to explore its full potential for camp.	2/4	rotten	Mary F. Pols	0	Contra Costa Times	20020711
A man is being driven crazy by his shiftless best friend, just as the layabout starts making nice with his wife and neighbors in this comedy. Carl and Molly (Matt Dillon and Kate Hudson) are a thirtysomething couple who have just gotten married and are settling down into a cozy new home in a quiet neighborhood. While Carl and Molly are happy with their new digs, Carl's best friend, Randy Dupree (Owen Wilson), is not content with his living arrangements. Dupree has all but made a career out of avoiding work, responsibility, and commitment, and while his charm usually manages to keep him afloat, when he loses his job, his apartment, and his car. Carl can't bear to see Dupree in such dire circumstances, and tells Dupree he can stay on their couch until he can get things straightened out. But while Carl was expecting Dupree to stay for a few days, it soon becomes obvious to both him and Molly that their guest has no intention of moving out anytime soon, and while the likable freeloader starts working his charm on Molly, their neighbors, and their friends, Carl soon finds himself at the end of his rope with his best man and childhood buddy. You, Me and Dupree also stars Amanda Detmer, Seth Rogen, and Michael Douglas as Molly's father.	PG-13	Comedy	Anthony Russo|Joe Russo		20060713	20061121	An oddly likeable film that grows on you if you're willing to stick with it. 	B-	fresh	Jim Chastain	0	Norman Transcript	20060830
"The year is 1965, and Edie Sedgwick is living every young girl's dream. Edie's life changes forever when she meets Andy Warhol, New York's most famous artist, and the man who will transform this trust fund baby into the Big Apple's most dazzling Superstar. At the center of this exciting and decadent new world is The Factory, Warhol's downtown loft, a place where musicians, artists, actors and all types of misfits gather to create art and movies during the day, and to throw fabulous parties at night. It is here that Edie takes her place at Andy's side as the Factory's most alluring and irresistible Superstar. Edie has the world at her feet. Every woman wants to be her. Every man wants to be with her. But unable to find the love she craves from Andy and The Factory, Edie turns to the ""voice of a generation"" singer-songwriter Danny Quinn, a captivating and talented musician who represents everything that Andy is not - where Andy is all cool surfaces, Danny burns with the fire of his convictions. Danny pushes Edie to free herself from Andy, who has been using her in his movies but never paying her. Edie quickly falls for Danny, but every affair has its price."	R	Drama	George Hickenlooper	Captain Mauzner	20070209	20070717	Details feel wrong; the pace is skittish; the rise to fatal hysteria is rapid and unconvincing. Finally you just lose all faith in it.	C+	rotten	Shawn Levy	0	Oregonian	20070216
Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. The heroes embark upon a harrowing mission to save the world. To infiltrate the terrorist network, Team America recruits Gary Johnston, a rising star on Broadway to go undercover. Although initially reluctant to sacrifice his promising career, Gary realizes that his acting gift is needed for a higher cause. With the help of Team America leader Spotswoode and fellow members Chris, Sarah, Lisa and Joe, Gary slips into an arms dealer's hideout where he discovers that the terrorists' plot has already begun to unfold. From the pyramids of Cairo to the Panama Canal and finally to the palace of power-mad dictator Kim Jong-Il, Team America criss-crosses the globe on a desperate mission to preserve the very fabric of civilization.	R	Comedy Drama	Trey Parker	Trey Parker|Matt Stone|Pam Brady	20041011	20050517	What marks Parker and Stone as satirists rather than shock jocks is their perceptive analysis of the world's craziness.	A	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050129
A disturbing videotape appears to hold the power of life and death over those who view it in this offbeat thriller. A strange videotape begins making the rounds in a town in the Pacific Northwest; it is full of bizarre and haunting images, and after watching it, many viewers receive a telephone call in which they are warned they will die in seven days. A handful of teenagers who watched the tape while spending a weekend at a cabin in the mountains scoff at the threat, but as predicted, they all die suddenly on the same night. Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), the aunt of one of the ill-fated teens, is a journalist who has decided to investigate the matter and travels West with her young son, Aidan (David Dorfman), a troubled child who has been drawing pictures of strange and ominous visions. Rachel managed to find the cabin in the woods and watches the video herself; afterward, she receives the same phone call, and realizes she must solve the puzzle of the video and the person or persons behind it within a week. Rachel turns to her ex, Noah (Martin Henderson), an expert in video technology, who at first is convinced the story is a hoax until he digs deeper into the mystery. The Ring was adapted from a 1996 Japanese film by Hideo Nakata, which became a massive box-office success in Asia and spawned two sequels.	PG-13	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense Romance	Gore Verbinski	Ehren Kruger	20021018	20030304	Should be seen and absorbed, if only to recall that Hollywood horror does, occasionally, get it more or less right.	3.5/5	fresh	Marc Savlov	0	Austin Chronicle	20021020
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	"Could they not have come up with anything but lumpish, vulgar humor and dumb ""Focker"" puns?"	C-	rotten	Audrey Rock-Richardson	0	Tooele Transcript-Bulletin (Utah)	20041228
When the Addams family welcomes a new baby, they hire a devious nany, Cussack, who falls in love with and marries Fester. Her true intentions are revealed as a serial killer who marries wealthy men but she is no match for the insanity of the Addams.	PG-13	Comedy Horror	Barry Sonnenfeld	Paul Rudnick	19931119	20000222	O tom de constante humor negro funciona ainda melhor do que no filme original.	4/5	fresh	Pablo Villa	0	Cinema em Cena	20040101
A follow-up to Spanish enfant terrible Pedro Almod	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20091120	20100316	A rich, tangled and layered work whose lurid, sensual style -- and seething and ebbing score by Alberto Iglesias -- is like lava cooling upon the volcano below.	3.5/4	fresh	Duane Dudek	0	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	20100114
"The winner of the Best Screenplay award at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, this film is a darkly comic story about one woman's incredible determination to make her dreams come true against numerous odds. Fantasy collides with reality as Betty Sizemore, a small-town waitress and soap opera fan, inspires herself and everyone she meets to find at least a piece of their real selves throughout this romantic, dangerously funny road picture. The popular TV daytime drama ""A Reason to Love"" has an especially devoted viewer in Betty. One night, watching a videotape of that day's episode, she becomes an accidental witness to a deal going fatally awry for her no-good car salesman husband. Betty, traumatized, enters into a fugue state that allows - even encourages - her to keep functioning, in a kind of alternate reality. Betty Sizemore becomes ""Nurse Betty,"" who is set on returning to the love of her life, the show's Dr. David Ravell. Betty promptly sets off for Los Angles in a ""borrowed"" 1997 Buick LeSabre - which is precisely what her late husband's killers are looking for. As Betty makes contact with Dr. Ravell and the hit men slowly but surely track her down, life begins to imitate art and vice versa."	R	Comedy Drama	Neil LaBute		20000908	20010403	A masquerade that doesn't work.	2.5/5	rotten	Kenneth Turan	1	Los Angeles Times	20000101
"""Becoming Jane,"" is the story of the great, untold romance that inspired a young Jane Austen, played by Anne Hathaway. Willful and spirited, Jane is not ready to be tied down to anything but her writing. That is until she meets Tom Lefro, a charming rogue from London who spends more time drinking and socializing than on his law studies. The film also stars Julie Walters, James Cromwell and Maggie Smith. It is written by Sarah Williams and Kevin Hood, and directed by Julian Jarrold."	PG	Drama Romance	Julian Jarrold	Sarah Williams|Kevin Hood	20070803	20080212	Another bland, passionless costume drama as stuffy and oxygen-depriving as its corsets.	2/5	rotten	Lexi Feinberg	0	CinemaBlend	20070610
In the 3D animated comedy, The Angry Birds Movie, we'll finally find out why the birds are so angry. The movie takes us to an island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds--or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red (Jason Sudeikis), a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck (Josh Gad), and the volatile Bomb (Danny McBride) have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.	PG	Animation Kids and Family	Clay Kaytis|Fergal Reilly	Jon Vitti	20160520	20160816	The Angry Birds Movie is quite good fun.	3/5	fresh	Brian Viner	0	Daily Mail (UK)	20160512
"In keeping with his background in television sitcoms, Sam Weisman directs the cameo-filled comedy Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star. Dickie Roberts (David Spade) was a child actor on the hit TV show ""The Glimmer Gang"" and remains remembered for a particular catch phrase. Now in his thirties, he finds work as a parking valet and spends time with other nominal child stars (enter cameos by Danny Bonaduce, Corey Feldman, and the like). Wanting to make a comeback, he manages to get an audition with director Rob Reiner. When the role requires him to be normal, he decides to hire a normal family in order to relive the childhood he missed out on. He ends up with sleazy salesman George Finney (Craig Bierko) and his loving wife, Grace (Mary McCormack). Dickie shares a room with their two kids: sunny daughter Sally (Jenna Boyd) and impressionable son Sam (Scott Tessa). Former child star Alyssa Milano appears as Dickie's girlfriend, Cyndi."	PG-13	Comedy	Sam Weisman		20030903	20040217	This is Spade's best effort in a long line of really bad solo projects, but the best parts of his film feature washed up actors and have nothing at all to do with him.	2/5	rotten	Joshua Tyler	0	CinemaBlend	20030908
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214	Mother and Child has the pretence of being something more meaningful, but it's really just a notch above soap opera.	2.5/5	rotten	Thomas Caldwell	0	Cinema Autopsy	20100704
A recent college graduate, Barry B. Benson wants more out of life than the inevitable career that awaits him and every other worker in New Hive City--a job at Honex making honey. Barry jumps at the chance to venture out of the hive, and soon encounters a world beyond his wildest dreams. When Barry inadvertently meets a quirky florist named Vanessa, he breaks one of the cardinal rules of beedom--he talks to her. A friendship soon develops, and Barry gets a guided crash course in the ways of the human race. When he shockingly discovers that anyone can purchase honey right off the grocery store shelf, he realizes that his true calling is to stop this injustice and set the world right by suing the human race for stealing the bees' precious honey.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family		Spike Feresten|Jerry Seinfeld|Barry Marder|Andy Robin|Chuck Martin|Tom Papa	20071102	20080311	great fun	4/4	fresh	Stefan Birgir	0	sbs.is	20071210
In a contemporary adaptation of Langston Hughes' celebrated play, the holiday musical drama BLACK NATIVITY follows Langston (Jacob Latimore), a street-wise teen from Baltimore raised by a single mother, as he journeys to New York City to spend the Christmas holiday with his estranged relatives Reverend Cornell and Aretha Cobbs (Forest Whitaker and Angela Bassett). Unwilling to live by the imposing Reverend Cobbs' rules, a frustrated Langston is determined to return home to his mother, Naima (Jennifer Hudson). Langston embarks on a surprising and inspirational journey and along with new friends, and a little divine intervention, he discovers the true meaning of faith, healing, and family. (c) Fox Searchlight	PG	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Faith and Spirituality	Kasi Lemmons	Kasi Lemmons	20131127	20140415	Kasi Lemmons' contemporary adaptation is an uplifting holiday extravaganza with a musical score filled with familiar spiritual standards plus some new songs by Raphael Saadiq and Laura Karpman that underscore themes of faith, healing and family.	3/4	fresh	Mary Houlihan	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20131127
The film follows the second Earl of Rochester's adventures in London, from his passionate romance with a young actress, Elizabeth Barry, to the writing of a scurrilous play which blisteringly and bawdily lampoons the very monarch who commissioned it, Charles II, leading to the Earl's banishment and eventual downfall.	R	Drama	Laurence Dunmore	Stephen Jeffreys	20060310	20060704	When the movie is done it really doesn't matter whether we agree that we like the Earl or not. We can all agree on liking that the movie is over.	2/5	rotten	Joshua Tyler	0	CinemaBlend	20060311
When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	If the filmmakers had spent less time on the visual, and more time on appropriate characterizations and a believable script, we might have been as much in love with the film as it seems to be with itself.	4/10	rotten	Kimberly Gadette	0	Indie Movies Online	20100514
A recent college graduate, Barry B. Benson wants more out of life than the inevitable career that awaits him and every other worker in New Hive City--a job at Honex making honey. Barry jumps at the chance to venture out of the hive, and soon encounters a world beyond his wildest dreams. When Barry inadvertently meets a quirky florist named Vanessa, he breaks one of the cardinal rules of beedom--he talks to her. A friendship soon develops, and Barry gets a guided crash course in the ways of the human race. When he shockingly discovers that anyone can purchase honey right off the grocery store shelf, he realizes that his true calling is to stop this injustice and set the world right by suing the human race for stealing the bees' precious honey.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family		Spike Feresten|Jerry Seinfeld|Barry Marder|Andy Robin|Chuck Martin|Tom Papa	20071102	20080311	Seinfeld's pleasingly idiosyncratic comic voice comes through in the haphazard, slaphappy storyline. [Blu-Ray]	3/4	fresh	Peter Canavese	0	Groucho Reviews	20080526
A successful and self-absorbed Los Angeles advertising executive switches airline tickets with a stranger just before boarding a long-delayed flight. When the stranger's plane goes down, killing all aboard, the executive has an epiphany. He later decides to track down the widow of the man he switched tickets with, and they soon fall in love; however she is unaware of the true connection between her late husband and this new love of her life.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Don Roos	Don Roos	20001117	20010410		C	rotten	Joel Siegel	0	Good Morning America	20010423
Dex and his friends have twisted the philosophies of Lao-tzu, Heidegger and Groucho Marx into a foolproof theory of dating, The Tao of Steve, which provides rule-by-rule guidelines for how to transform ordinary Joes into charismatic Steve McQueen's. Back in college, Dex was the big man on campus. But we meet Dex ten years after graduation as he endures one of life's great humbling experiences; the college reunion. Now an overweight kindergarten teacher, Dex is immune to the shocked stares of the young women who were once his conquests. While trying to pick up a student bartender, Dex is struck by another woman, the gorgeous Syd, who rides motorcycles and designs sets for the Santa Fe Opera. Through a series of circumstances, Syd and Dex are thrown together and he soon finds himself questioning his belief in all things Steve. As Dex falls in love with her, Sy appears immune to his charms and with good reason.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Romance	Jenniphr Goodman	Duncan North|Greer Goodman|Jenniphr Goodman	20000804	20010320		0.5/5	rotten		0	Film Threat	20021208
It's 1969. The conflict in Viet Nam has exploded to immeasurable proportions, and 18-year-old Dean Hills number is up. Dean's brother Eric, who has already seen his share of combat, plans to take Dean to enlist in his beloved Marine Corps in hopes of keeping an eye on him rather than letting him take his chances at the local induction center. But Dean's plans do not coincide with his older brothers. Instead, he plans to confront Eric about dodging the draft after the boys and their respective girlfriends, Bailey and Chrissie, head across Texas for a final fling of serious fun. Soon after their journey begins, the spirited foursome is spooked by a menacing pair of bikers, Holden and his girlfriend, Alex. When Alex chases the group's jeep, propelling them into a serious accident, Chrissie is thrown from the vehicle. As Alex attempts to rob the injured trio, Sheriff Hoyt arrives on the scene and turns the tables on their would-be assassin. While Chrissie hides in the nearby brush, she watches as the sheriff kills Alex in cold blood and then inexplicably taunts her friends before ordering them into the back of the patrol car. Unbeknownst to Chrissie, Hoyt is headed back to the Hewitt family home where Thomas who is being groomed to become the terrifying monster known as Leatherface and the rest of the Hewitt clan await.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Jonathan Liebesman	Sheldon Turner	20061006	20070116	If you are into extremes this ultra-violent blood feast is probably just your ticket.	2.5/5	rotten	Pete Hammond	0	Maxim	20061009
Directed by Marco Tullio Giordana and La Meglio Gioventu, this film chronicles the youth, emotional development, and milestone events in the lives of brothers Nicola (Luigi Lo Cascio and Matteo Carti (Alessio Boni) between 1966 and the early 2000s. Despite being polar opposites -- Nicola is a free spirited, romantic psychiatrist; Matteo is an angst-ridden idealist and member of the Italian police force -- the brothers stay connected through the nature of life, family, and time, even during their long periods of separation from one another.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Marco Tullio Giordana	Stefano Rulli|Sandro Petraglia	20030622	20060207	It is, in short, the best of cinema.	A	fresh	Lisa Schwarzbaum	1	Entertainment Weekly	20050309
"Director Joe Johnston takes over the creative reins from Steven Spielberg for this third installment in the thriller franchise. Sam Neill returns as Dr. Alan Grant, a scientist who's tricked by wealthy couple Paul and Amanda Kirby (William H. Macy and Tea Leoni) into a fly-over of Isla Sorna. The object of their sightseeing tour is one of the Costa Rican islands populated by ferocious, genetically bred dinosaurs and the ""site B"" setting of Jurassic Park 2: The Lost World (1997). After their plane crash-lands, it's revealed that the Kirbys are actually seeking their teenage son, lost on the island after a paragliding accident. Trapped on Isla Sorna, Grant and his companions discover some painful truths the hard way. Among their discoveries: some of the scaly monsters possess more advanced communicative abilities than previously believed, the dreaded Tyrannosaurus Rex has a larger and more lethal competitor, and flying Pteranodons pose an even graver threat than some of their land-locked brethren. Jurassic Park III is the first in the series not to be based upon a novel by original author Michael Crichton."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Joe Johnston	Jim Taylor|Alexander Payne|Peter Buchman	20010718	20011211	It's formulaic but fun, a third-generation thrill-ride.	6/10	fresh	Susan Granger	0	www.susangranger.com	20010716
New York City, not-too-distant-future: Eric Packer, a 28 year-old finance golden boy dreaming of living in a civilization ahead of this one, watches a dark shadow cast over the firmament of the Wall Street galaxy, of which he is the uncontested king. As he is chauffeured across midtown Manhattan to get a haircut at his father's old barber, his anxious eyes are glued to the yuan's exchange rate: it is mounting against all expectations, destroying Eric's bet against it. Eric Packer is losing his empire with every tick of the clock. Meanwhile, an eruption of wild activity unfolds in the city's streets. Petrified as the threats of the real world infringe upon his cloud of virtual convictions, his paranoia intensifies during the course of his 24-hour cross-town odyssey. Packer starts to piece together clues that lead him to a most terrifying secret: his imminent assassination. -- (C) Official Site	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Cronenberg	David Cronenberg|Don DeLillo	20120817	20130101	... a movie about a sentient zombie, trapped in a womblike limousine while outside the dead souls of Manhattan roil, spraying paint on his windows and hurling rats. Everything he wants is posthumous.	8	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20120907
For thirteen extraordinary days in October of 1962, the world stood on the brink of an unthinkable catastrophe. Across the globe, people anxiously awaited the outcome of a harrowing political, diplomatic and military confrontation that threatened to end in an apocalyptic nuclear exchange between the United States and the Soviet Union. The alarming escalation of events during those fateful days brought to the fore such public figures as Robert McNamara, Adlai Stevenson, Theodore Sorenson, Andrei Gromyko, Anatoly Dobrynin, McGeorge Bundy, Dean Acheson, Dean Rusk, and General Curtis LeMay. In addition many others -- politicians, diplomats and soldiers -- were on the front line of the showdown. In Thirteen Days, we see all of these people, -- and, above all -- President John F. Kennedy and his brother Bobby, through the eyes of a trusted presidential aide and confidante, Kenneth P. O'Donnell.	PG-13	Drama	Roger Donaldson	David Self	20001225	20010710	engaging power play of politics and military muscling.	3/4	fresh	Ross Anthony	0	Hollywood Report Card	20010207
"Pauline a la Plage is the third of French filmmaker Eric Rohmer's ""Comedies et Proverbes."" Pauline (Amanda Langlet) is the teen-aged cousin of the seemingly more worldly and sensible Marion (Arielle Dombasle). Both girls become entwined in amorous escapades while vacationing at the beach. It gradually develops that Marion is the one least capable of handling herself, while Pauline grows in maturity from her summertime experiences. It is nothing short of amazing how Eric Rohmer can take the most conventional and obvious of material and weave something as charming and profound as Pauline at the Beach."	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Romance	Eric Rohmer	Eric Rohmer	19830729	20030304		5/5	fresh	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20030905
Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother (Jacki Weaver) and father (Robert DeNiro) after spending eight months is a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet-and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. -- (C) Weinstein	R	Comedy			20121121	20130430	A delightfully dysfunctional romantic comedy that's moving, funny and features just the right amount of crazy love. 	4/5	fresh	Matthew Pejkovic	0	Matt's Movie Reviews	20121225
Honeymooning newlyweds Cliff (Steve Zahn) and Cydney (Milla Jovovich) are hiking an 11-mile trail in Hawaii when they cross paths will ex-military man Nick (Timothy Olyphant), who earns their trust by helping them navigate a particularly treacherous mountain cliff. A few yards later, the trio runs into a group of girls whose parents are begging them to return home following reports that a honeymooning couple has been murdered on one of the other islands.	R	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	David Twohy	David Twohy	20090807	20091229	Ridiculous? Yep. Fun? Absolutely. If there's such a thing as a classy B-movie, then this is it.	3/5	fresh	Anna Smith	0	Metro (UK)	20090814
Television actor-turned-director Brian Robbins follows up Varsity Blues (1999) and Ready to Rumble (2000) with another sports comedy. Keanu Reeves stars as Conor O'Neill, an underachiever and inveterate sports gambler who needs a bailout loan from a friend to pay off his mounting debt. As a condition for receiving the necessary funds, Conor is saddled with coaching a corporate-sponsored Little League baseball team for underprivileged youth in Chicago's notorious Cabrini Green housing project. Reluctant at first, Conor slowly begins to enjoy his new authority role, especially when he makes the acquaintance of his players' attractive teacher, Elizabeth Wilkes (Diane Lane). Based on the real-life chronicle Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Outside magazine editor Daniel Coyle, Hardball also stars D.B. Sweeney and Mike McGlone.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Brian Robbins	John Gatins	20010914	20020219		2/5	rotten	Matthew Turner	0	ViewLondon	20021030
"""Hereafter"" tells the story of three people who are touched by death in different ways. George is a blue-collar American who has a special connection to the afterlife. On the other side of the world, Marie, a French journalist, has a near-death experience that shakes her reality. And when Marcus, a London schoolboy, loses the person closest to him, he desperately needs answers. Each on a path in search of the truth, their lives will intersect, forever changed by what they believe might -- or must -- exist in the hereafter."	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Peter Morgan	20101022	20110315	Humanity's universal curiosities haven't been so vapidly exploited since The Da Vinci Code.	2/5	rotten	Matt Pais	0	Metromix.com	20101019
F. W. Murnau's landmark vampire film begins in the Carpathian mountains, where real estate agent Hutter has arrived to close a sale with the reclusive Herr Orlok. Despite the feverish warnings of the local peasants, Hutter journeys to Orlok's sinister castle. Hutter soon discovers that Orlok is no ordinary mortal.	NR	Art House and International Classics Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy		Henrik Galeen	19220304	19971022	A landmark motion picture.	3/4	fresh	Dustin Putman	0	TheFilmFile.com	20081009
From writer/director David Koepp (Stir of Echoes) comes this filmed adaptation of Stephen King's novella Secret Window, Secret Garden, one of four stories in the collection Four Past Midnight. Johnny Depp stars as Mort Rainey, a recently divorced author who decides to take some time off at his cottage. Unfortunately for Rainey, John Shooter (John Turturro), an unbalanced wannabe writer, tracks him down, claiming that Rainey plagiarized his work. Also starring Maria Bello, Charles S. Dutton, and Timothy Hutton, Secret Window is the second story from Four Past Midnight to be adapted as a film, the first being 1995's made-for-television The Langoliers.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Koepp	David Koepp	20040312	20040622	It's a slight story to begin with, and the movie teeters on camp with its jokey filler material.	2/4	rotten	Jami Bernard	1	New York Daily News	20040312
Both actress Judy Davis and director Gillian Armstrong made a big splash on the international scene with this charming Australian film that examines late 19th century Australian society from the perspective of a headstrong woman who refuses to follow convention. The film charts the developing self-awareness of Sybylla Melvyn (Judy Davis) as she grows from an insecure tomboy to a self-assured woman. Sybylla wants to be a writer and stuns her family and friends by her insistence on following her dream. Despite the objections of her family acquaintances, she rejects the marriage proposal from the rich Harry Beecham (Sam Neill) to continue going her own way, in spite of the odds stacked against her in a repressive Victorian environment.	G	Art House and International Drama Romance	Gillian Armstrong	Eleanor Witcombe	19790817	20050531	Armstrong's subsequent sojourn in Hollywood never yielded a film as engaging and passionately felt as this, her brilliant feature debut.	4/5	fresh	Angie Errigo	0	Radio Times	20140909
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	The film is good enough; Streep is the X-factor that makes it excellent.	8/10	fresh	Tim Brayton	0	Antagony &amp; Ecstasy	20110816
A woman finds herself attempting to foil one office romance while debating if she should take a chance on another in this romantic comedy. Lucy Kelton (Sandra Bullock) is a top-flight attorney who has risen to the position of Chief Legal Counsel for one of New York's leading commercial real estate firms, the Wade Corporation. However, Lucy's job has one significant drawback -- George Wade (Hugh Grant), the eccentric and remarkably self-centered head of the firm. George seems entirely incapable of making a decision without Lucy's advice, whether it actually involves a legal matter or not, and while she's fond of George, being at his beck and call 24 hours a day has brought her to the end of her rope. In a moment of anger, Lucy gives her two weeks notice, and George reluctantly accepts, under one condition -- Lucy has to hire her own replacement. After extensive research, Lucy picks June Carter (Alicia Witt), a Harvard Law graduate determined to make a career for herself. Lucy soon begins to suspect, however, that June plans to hasten her rise up the corporate ladder by winning George's hand, leaving Lucy to wonder if she should warn George about his beautiful but calculating new attorney -- and whether she should tell George that she has finally realized she's in love with him. Two Weeks Notice was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Sandra Bullock: Miss Congeniality and Forces of Nature.	PG-13	Comedy Romance			20021220	20030429	Thin and utterly lacking in tension.	2/4	rotten	Mark Caro	1	Chicago Tribune	20021219
American tourist Frank (Johnny Depp) meets a mysterious beauty who drags him into a dangerous world of intrigue and espionage while traveling through Europe in director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's paranoid thriller. When Frank met Elise (Angelina Jolie) on the train, he thought it was a chance encounter. Little did Frank realize it was all part of a much bigger plan, one that would soon find him dodging bullets through both the historic streets of Paris and the winding canals of Venice. Now, the faster Frank and Elise run, the more intense their romance grows.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Romance	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck|Christopher McQuarrie|Julian Fellowes	20101210	20110322	Depp's character is an uneasy blend of hammy matinee idol and Clouseau-like farceur, while Jolie is in the running for the most annoying and insipid ice maiden in cinema history.	1/5	rotten		0	Radio Times	20101209
Justine is thirty years old and works as a discount store clerk in Texas. Deeply unhappy in her marriage to a man who is infertile because of a dope-smoking habit, Justine soon begins an affair with Holden, the store's newly hired cashier and becomes pregnant. Holden, who has serious issues of his own, steals money from the store's safe for the two of them to run away, but the plan is short-lived when it takes a tragic turn for the worse.	R	Comedy Drama	Miguel Arteta	Mike White	20020807	20030107	A small, smart indie pic with a twisted sensibility.	3/4	fresh	Steven Rea	1	Philadelphia Inquirer	20020815
In the highly anticipated sequel, which was inspired by Steve Harvey's best-selling book Act Like a Lady, Think Like A Man, all the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas. But plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event. (c) Sony	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Tim Story		20140620	20140916	...lazy and uninspired and, worst of all, displays a certain contempt for [the] audience	7	rotten	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20140620
When her heart is stolen by a seductive stranger, a young woman is swept away to a house atop a mountain of blood-red clay: a place	R	Horror	Guillermo del Toro	Guillermo del Toro|Matthew Robbins|Lucinda Coxon	20151016	20160209	Yes, the script is a tad silly at times but a game cast -- Wasikowska was born to wander dark corridors -- and del Toro's eye for detail make for a stylish and scary shocker.	4/5	fresh	Alex Zane	0	The Sun (UK)	20151215
Based on his a true story, THE RIDER stars breakout Brady Jandreau as a once rising star of the rodeo circuit warned that his competition days are over after a tragic riding accident. Back home, Brady finds himself wondering what he has to live for when he can no longer do what gives him a sense of purpose: to ride and compete. In an attempt to regain control of his fate, Brady undertakes a search for new identity and tries to redefine his idea of what it means to be a man in the heartland of America.	R	Drama			20180413	20180807	Classic westerns may never go out of style, but sometimes it's good to see a movie about a cowboy who's a full-fledged human and not a type.	4/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20180503
In this film, filmmaker Akira Kurosawa spins the tale of a mighty Samurai warrior whose services are so much in demand that he's forced to dispatch doubles of himself. When the warrior dies, petty thief Kagemusha is spared from execution if he agrees to take over for his dead master.	PG	Art House and International Classics Drama	Akira Kurosawa	Akira Kurosawa|Masato Ide	19801010	20050329	A fine example of the Kurosawa style...precision of narrative in both scripting and imagistic storytelling... [Blu-ray]	4/4	fresh	Peter Canavese	0	Groucho Reviews	20090805
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	In places it has the airless feel of an over-workshopped piece, but is rescued by excellent performances: in particular Amy Ryan as Connie, Jack's shy would-be girlfriend.	3/5	fresh	Cath Clarke	0	Guardian	20111103
SNL alumni Tina Fey steps into the well worn shoes of journalist Kim Barker in Paramount Pictures' adaptation of Barker's memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan, which details her years as a reporter in Pakistan and Afghanistan beginning in 2002.	R	Comedy Drama	Glenn Ficarra|John Requa	Robert Carlock	20160304	20160628	Once you've got over the off-putting aspects, Kim's personal journey becomes quite engaging, though you may wish the film was a bit meatier politically.	3/5	fresh	Katherine McLaughlin	0	The List	20160509
"Director Paul Mazursky drew from his own formative experiences as a struggling New York actor in Next Stop, Greenwich Village. Lenny Baker plays Mazursky's alter ego, an aspiring Brooklyn-born thespian named Larry Lapinsky. When not parrying with his overprotective Jewish parents (Mike Kellin and Shelley Winters), Larry must contend with his ""method""-happy acting teacher Herbert (Michael Egan); with actress Anita (Lois Smith), who is forever threatening to kill herself over imagined slights; with head-in-the-clouds Greenwich-Village poet Robert (Christopher Walken); and with Bernstein (Antonio Fargas), a black homosexual with an identity problem. Larry's future is threatened when his girl friend Sarah (Ellen Greene) gets pregnant, one of several crises facing this star-crossed couple throughout the film. Keep an eye peeled for young Bill Murray, Joe Spinnell and Jeff Goldblum in minor roles."	R	Comedy Drama	Paul Mazursky	Paul Mazursky	19760204	20051213		4/5	fresh	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20041105
When a one-night stand that should have stayed that way has unexpected consequences, the reluctant odd couple attempts to transform their tentative relationship into a lasting love in this conception comedy. Twenty-four-year-old entertainment journalist Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is on the fast track to the big time, but an alcohol-fueled hookup with responsibility-shirking slacker Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) finds her professional priorities taking a back seat to having a baby.	R	Comedy Romance	Judd Apatow	Judd Apatow	20070601	20070925	If you want to hate on Judd Apatow's Knocked Up -- and the anti-crowd-pleaser contingent will surely ding it -- then get ready to be drowned out by the sound of laughter from the rest of us.	3.5/4	fresh	Peter Travers	1	Rolling Stone	20070531
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	Often bitterly funny.	3.5/5	fresh	Ken Fox	0	TV Guide	20030725
Norbu and Dolma are banished tribal Tibetans who desperately struggle against the harsh terrain and the elements to preserve their young son's life.	NR	Art House and International Drama	Tian Zhuangzhuang	Rui Zhang	19860101	19910320	An intoxicating masterpiece, and the very best film to come from China's Fifth Generation.	5/5	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	San Francisco Examiner	20030117
The last thing the two Savage siblings ever wanted to do was look back on their undeniably dysfunctional family legacy. Wendy is a self-medicating struggling East Village playwright, AKA a temp who spends her days applying for grants and stealing office supplies, dating her very married neighbor. Jon is an obsessive compulsive college professor writing obscure books on even more obscure subjects in Buffalo who still can't commit to his girlfriend after four years even though her cooking brings him tears of joy. Then, out of the blue, comes the call that changes everything. They're told that the father they have long feared and avoided, Lenny Savage, has lost his marbles. And, there is no one to help him but his kids. Now, as they put the middle of their already arrested lives on hold, Wendy and Jon must live together under one roof for the first time since childhood, soon rediscovering the eccentricities that drove each other crazy. Faced with complete upheaval and the ultimate sibling rivalry battle over how to handle their father's final days, they are forced to face the past and finally start to realize what adulthood, family and, most surprisingly, each other are really about.	R	Comedy Drama	Tamara Jenkins	Tamara Jenkins	20071128	20080422	More often than not, it's a film that rings true and has much to offer.	4/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20080115
In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance. From this moment on, their lives become webs of deceit and exposure, secrets and revelations, as they feud to outwit and destroy one another. Their rivalry takes them both to the peak of their careers, but with terrible consequences.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan|Christopher Nolan	20061020	20070220	The first words in the dazzling The Prestige are, 'Are you watching closely?' You'd better be.	4/4	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	St. Paul Pioneer Press	20061019
A woman finds herself attempting to foil one office romance while debating if she should take a chance on another in this romantic comedy. Lucy Kelton (Sandra Bullock) is a top-flight attorney who has risen to the position of Chief Legal Counsel for one of New York's leading commercial real estate firms, the Wade Corporation. However, Lucy's job has one significant drawback -- George Wade (Hugh Grant), the eccentric and remarkably self-centered head of the firm. George seems entirely incapable of making a decision without Lucy's advice, whether it actually involves a legal matter or not, and while she's fond of George, being at his beck and call 24 hours a day has brought her to the end of her rope. In a moment of anger, Lucy gives her two weeks notice, and George reluctantly accepts, under one condition -- Lucy has to hire her own replacement. After extensive research, Lucy picks June Carter (Alicia Witt), a Harvard Law graduate determined to make a career for herself. Lucy soon begins to suspect, however, that June plans to hasten her rise up the corporate ladder by winning George's hand, leaving Lucy to wonder if she should warn George about his beautiful but calculating new attorney -- and whether she should tell George that she has finally realized she's in love with him. Two Weeks Notice was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Sandra Bullock: Miss Congeniality and Forces of Nature.	PG-13	Comedy Romance			20021220	20030429	Here's a romantic comedy in which the stars actually have some believable chemistry.	3/4	fresh	Jeff Vice	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20021220
Directed by six-time Academy Award (R) nominee Peter Weir, THE WAY BACK is an epic story of survival, solidarity and indomitable human will. Shot in Bulgaria, Morocco and India, the film stars Jim Sturgess (Across the Universe, The Other Boleyn Girl), Ed Harris (Appaloosa) and Colin Farrell (In Bruges) as prisoners of a Soviet Union labor camp, who, along with four others, flee their Siberian Gulag and begin a treacherous journey across thousands of miles of hostile terrain. Academy Award (R) nominee Saoirse Ronan (Atonement, The Lovely Bones) and Mark Strong (Body of Lies, RocknRolla) co-star. Written by Weir and Keith Clarke, the film is Peter's first since 2003's Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. It is inspired by the acclaimed book The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom, as well as first-person accounts and anecdotes as told to, and researched by Weir and executive producer Clarke. Produced by Joni Levin, Peter Weir, Duncan Henderson (Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World) and Nigel Sinclair (Terminator 3: Salvation), THE WAY BACK is an Exclusive Media Group, National Geographic Entertainment and ImageNation Abu Dhabi presentation and an Exclusive Films production. Keith Clarke, John Ptak, Guy East, Simon Oakes, Tobin Armbrust, Jake Eberts, Edward Borgerding, Mohamed Khalaf, Adam Leipzig, Scott Rudin and Jonathan Schwartz are Executive Producers. The film's Co-Producer is Roee Sharon Peled and Co-Executive Producer is Alex Brunner. Weir has assembled an accomplished group of filmmakers with whom he has previously collaborated, including Academy Award (R) winning Director of Photography Russell Boyd (Master and Commander, The Year of Living Dangerously, Gallipoli), Film Editor Lee Smith (Master and Commander, as well as The Dark Knight, for which he received an Academy Award (R) nomination), Production Designer John Stoddart (Fearless, The Mosquito Coast) and Costume Designer Wendy Stites, Oscar (R) nominated for Master and Commander and with credits on nine Weir films. -- (C) New Market Films	PG-13	Drama	Peter Weir		20110121	20110422	Elevates what might have been an adolescent adventure story...with good taste, high-mindedness and elegence, even if the result is just a bit prosaic and emotionally detached.	B	fresh	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20110127
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214	Though Watts's Elizabeth brings a sense of darkness and unpredictability to the film, the hyperbolic flourishes and the melodramatic climax offset the actresses' best efforts.	2.5/4	rotten	Tom Meek	0	Boston Phoenix	20100513
A comic series of short vignettes build on one another to create a cumulative effect, as the characters discuss things as diverse as caffeine popsicles, Paris in the '20s, and the use of nicotine as an insecticide--all the while sitting around sipping coffee and smoking cigarettes. As director Jim Jarmusch delves into the normal pace of our world from an extraordinary angle, he shows just how absorbing the obsessions, joys and addictions of life can be, if truly observed.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Jim Jarmusch	Jim Jarmusch	20040514	20040921		4/5	fresh		0	eFilmCritic.com	20040322
"Featuring an all-star comedy cast including Aubrey Plaza, Johnny Simmons, Bill Hader,Alia Shawkat, Sarah Steele, Rachel Bilson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, DonaldGlover, Scott Porter, Andy Samberg, Connie Britton and Clark Gregg, ""The To Do List"" is a comedy about close friends and a special summer project, loosely inspired by the real-life adventures of first-time writer/director Maggie Carey. Set in 1993, valedictorian Brandy Klark wants to shed her uptight image before college, so she assembles a to do list of all the ""activities"" she missed out on in high school. Quickly realizing that she's way out of her depth, Brandy solicits her best friends, older sister and burnt-out boss for their help and advice. If the group is going to complete the list by September they'll need plenty of imagination and very open minds. (c) CBS Films"	R	Comedy	Maggie Carey	Maggie Carey	20130726	20131119	"In its exuberantly smutty way, ""The To Do List"" is revolutionary: A teen sex comedy where the girls get to play nasty and the boys stand around looking terrified."	3/4	fresh	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20130725
Ken Loach directs Sweet Sixteen, a gritty drama about a young man slowly succumbing to a life of crime. Liam (Martin Compson) hopes that his imprisoned mother (Michelle Coulter) will be free by his 16th birthday. Hoping to help his mother escape her abusive heroin-dealing boyfriend (Gary McCormack), Liam rats him out to the cops. Liam's sister, Chantelle (Annmarie Fulton), suggests that a new trailer park might be a better place for their mother to live. With the help of his best friend, Pinball (William Ruanne), Liam sells the boyfriend's supply in order to raise the money, but this gets him into trouble with gangsters whose turf he was selling in. Soon Liam is on the way up in the criminal world, but that success comes with a toll. The accents in this Scottish-set film are so thick that English subtitles are used throughout. Sweet Sixteen was screened in competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama	Ken Loach	Paul Laverty	20030516	20031007	Resembles classics like Hawks' Scarface, Walsh's White Heat, and any of a handful of James Cagney or Edward G. Robinson gangster films.	3.5/4	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20030606
"In the mid-to-late 1960s, in Washington, D.C., vibrant soul music and exploding social consciousness were combining to unique and powerful effect. It was the place and time for Ralph Waldo ""Petey"" Greene Jr. to fully express himself--sometimes to outrageous effect--and ""tell it like it is."" With the support of his irrepressible and tempestuous girlfriend Vernell, the newly minted ex-con talks his way into an on-air radio gig at WOL-AM, where fellow prison inmate Milo's brother Dewey Hughes is the program director. At the station, Petey becomes an iconic radio personality, surpassing even the established popularity of his fellow disc jockeys, Nighthawk and Sunny Jim. Combining biting humor with social commentary, Petey openly courts controversy for station owner E.G. Sonderling. Petey was determined to make not just himself but his community heard during an exciting and turbulent period in American history. As Petey's voice, humor, and spirit surge across the airwaves with the vitality of the era, listeners tune in to hear not only incredible music but also a man speaking directly to them about race and power in America like few people ever have. Through the years, Petey's ""The truth just is"" style--on and off the air--would redefine both Petey and Dewey, and empower each to become the man he would most like to be."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kasi Lemmons	Michael Genet|Rick Famuyiwa	20070727	20071030	A rowdy, richly offbeat biopic.	A-	fresh	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20070711
"The grim futility of the war between Bosnia and Serbia is reduced to its essence as two enemy soldiers are forced to share a wary trust for one another in this drama. A group of Bosnian soldiers are advancing upon Serbian territory during a misty night when the fog lifts at daybreak, making them plainly visible to their enemy. Serb forces open fire upon them, and soon only Chiki (Brancko Djuric) is still alive, after diving into a trench in no man's land. Two Serbian soldiers scouting the area set up a land mine using the body of a Bosnian soldier as ""bait;"" if moved, the mine will jump into the air and explode. Chiki watches as the soldiers set the trap, and furious at the disrespect to his fallen comrades, he kills one of the Serbs, and takes the other, Nino (Rene Bitorajac), hostage. With both soldiers alone and equally armed, they find themselves at a stalemate, and begin trying to attract help from either side. Eventually, the two men are found by a squadron of French soldiers attached to a U.N. peacekeeping unit; now held by supposedly neutral forces, Chiki and Nino are with the French troops when it's discovered that the dead Bosnian soldier isn't dead after all, though no one is sure how to disarm the mine without killing him in the process. No Man's Land was the debut feature from Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanovic."	R	Art House and International Drama	Danis Tanovic	Danis Tanovic	20011221	20020409	No Man's Land hurts when you laugh.	4/4	fresh		0	Sacramento Bee	20020215
This beautiful if ponderous souffl	R	Drama Romance	Bernardo Bertolucci	Bernardo Bertolucci|Susan Minot	19960614	20020108	The film does have a small mystery in it, but it is easily solvable and plays only a small part in the plot.	2/4	rotten	Steve Rhodes	0	Internet Reviews	20000101
"A sophisticated and moving comedy, THE EXTRA MAN follows Louis Ives (Paul Dano), a lonely dreamer who fancies himself the hero of an F. Scott Fitzgerald novel... When a deeply embarrassing incident forces him to leave his job at an exclusive Princeton prep school, Louis heads to New York City to make a fresh start. He quickly finds a nine-to-five job at an environmental magazine, where he encounters an entrancing, green-obsessed co-worker Mary (Katie Holmes). But it's Louis' new home life that really sparks his imagination. He rents a room in the ramshackle apartment of Henry Harrison (Kevin Kline), a penniless, wildly eccentric but brilliant playwright. When Henry's not dancing alone to obscure music or singing operettas, he's performing - with great panache - the duties of an ""extra man"", a social escort for the wealthy widows of Manhattan high society. These two men, separated in age by more than forty years, develop a volatile mentor/apprentice relationship. Through a series of urban adventures where they encounter everything from a leaping lion to a wildly jealous hirsute neighbor, from drunken nonagenarians to a shady Swiss hunchback, Louis and Henry form a memorable bond that bridges their differences.-- (C) Magnolia"	R	Comedy	Robert Pulcini|Shari Springer Berman	Robert Pulcini|Jonathan Ames|Shari Springer Berman	20100730	20101116	Belly laughs are few and far between but the overarching tone of silliness deftly underscored by the human experience makes for a largely fulfilling cinematic experience. 	4/5	fresh		0	JWR	20110223
This wistful drama is set in the summer of 1970 and follows the adventures of four 12-year-old girls as they attempt to solve a murder. When not involved with that, the girls have fun, play pranks on the town boys, and talk about their rapidly changing lives and bodies.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Lesli Linka Glatter		19951020	19991221		2/5	rotten	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20040723
Seth MacFarlane directs, produces, co-writes and plays the role of the cowardly sheep farmer Albert in A Million Ways to Die in the West. After Albert backs out of a gunfight, his fickle girlfriend leaves him for another man. When a mysterious and beautiful woman rides into town, she helps him find his courage and they begin to fall in love. But when her husband, a notorious outlaw, arrives seeking revenge, the farmer must put his newfound courage to the test. Starring alongside MacFarlane are Oscar (R) winner Charlize Theron, Liam Neeson, Amanda Seyfried, Giovanni Ribisi, Sarah Silverman and Neil Patrick Harris. MacFarlane reunites many of the filmmakers behind Universal and MRC's hit film Ted including Scott Stuber (Bluegrass Films) and Jason Clark who produce, and Wellesley Wild and Alec Sulkin who co-wrote the script. (c)Universal	R	Comedy Western	Seth MacFarlane	Seth MacFarlane|Alec Sulkin|Wellesley Wild	20140530	20141007	The Old West apparently offered too many outhouses and too much horse manure for MacFarlane to resist over-mining that particular vein.	2.5/4	rotten	Carla Meyer	0	Sacramento Bee	20140529
Set in Texas during the late 1860s, Rio Bravo is a story of men (and women) and a town under siege. Presidio County Sheriff John T. Chance (John Wayne) is holding Joe Burdette (Claude Akins), a worthless, drunken thug, for the murder of an unarmed man in a fight in a saloon -- the problem is that Joe is the brother of wealthy land baron Nathan Burdette (John Russell), who owns a big chunk of the county and can buy all the hired guns he doesn't already have working for him. Burdette's men cut the town off to prevent Chance from getting Joe into more secure surroundings, and then the hired guns come in, waiting around for their chance to break him out of jail. Chance has to wait for the United States marshal to show up, in six days, his only help from Stumpy (Walter Brennan), a toothless, cantankerous old deputy with a bad leg who guards the jail, and Dude (Dean Martin), his former deputy, who's spent the last two years stumbling around in a drunken stupor over a woman that left him. Chance's friend, trail boss Pat Wheeler (Ward Bond), arrives at the outset of the siege and tries to help, offering the services of himself and his drovers as deputies, which Chance turns down, saying they're not professionals and would be too worried about their families to be good at anything except being targets for Burdette's men; but Chance does try to enlist the services of Wheeler's newest employee, a callow-looking young gunman named Colorado Ryan (Ricky Nelson), who politely turns him down, saying he prefers to mind his own business. In the midst of all of this tension, Feathers (Angie Dickinson), a dance hall entertainer, arrives in town and nearly gets locked up by Chance for cheating at cards, until he finds out that he was wrong and that she's not guilty -- this starts a verbal duel between the two of them that grows more sexually intense as the movie progresses and she finds herself in the middle of Chance's fight. Wheeler is murdered by one of Burgette's hired guns who is, in turn, killed by Dude in an intense confrontation in a saloon. Colorado throws in with Chance after his boss is killed and picks up some of the slack left by Dude, who isn't quite over his need for a drink or the shakes that come with trying to stop. Chance and Burdette keep raising the ante on each other, Chance, Dude, and Colorado killing enough of the rancher's men that he's got to double what he's paying to make it worth the risk, and the undertaker (Joseph Shimada) gets plenty of business from Burdette before the two sides arrive at a stalemate -- Burdette is holding Dude and will release him in exchange for Joe. This leads to the final, bloody confrontation between Chance and Burdette, where the wagons brought to town by the murdered Wheeler play an unexpected and essential role in tipping the balance.	R	Action and Adventure Classics Western	Howard Hawks	Jules Furthman|Leigh Brackett	19590404	20010508	Although Rio Bravo rather ambles along, it still has enough good points to make it a genial viewing experience.	6/10	fresh	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20070522
Imagine the end of the world. Now imagine something worse. Award-winning filmmaker Trey Edward Shults follows his incredible debut feature KRISHA with IT COMES AT NIGHT, a horror film following a man (Joel Edgerton) as he learns that the evil stalking his family home may be only a prelude to horrors that come from within. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, the tenuous domestic order he has established with his wife and son is put to the ultimate test with the arrival of a desperate young family seeking refuge. Despite the best intentions of both families, paranoia and mistrust boil over as the horrors outside creep ever-closer, awakening something hidden and monstrous within him as he learns that the protection of his family comes at the cost of his soul.	R	Drama Horror	Trey Edward Shults	Trey Edward Shults	20170609	20170912	It Comes at Night may disappoint some hardcore horror fans with its artful avoidance of genre pleasures, but its grim, tough-minded dystopia will prove hard to shake for many.	4/5	fresh	Benjamin Lee	0	Guardian	20170608
A woman finds herself attempting to foil one office romance while debating if she should take a chance on another in this romantic comedy. Lucy Kelton (Sandra Bullock) is a top-flight attorney who has risen to the position of Chief Legal Counsel for one of New York's leading commercial real estate firms, the Wade Corporation. However, Lucy's job has one significant drawback -- George Wade (Hugh Grant), the eccentric and remarkably self-centered head of the firm. George seems entirely incapable of making a decision without Lucy's advice, whether it actually involves a legal matter or not, and while she's fond of George, being at his beck and call 24 hours a day has brought her to the end of her rope. In a moment of anger, Lucy gives her two weeks notice, and George reluctantly accepts, under one condition -- Lucy has to hire her own replacement. After extensive research, Lucy picks June Carter (Alicia Witt), a Harvard Law graduate determined to make a career for herself. Lucy soon begins to suspect, however, that June plans to hasten her rise up the corporate ladder by winning George's hand, leaving Lucy to wonder if she should warn George about his beautiful but calculating new attorney -- and whether she should tell George that she has finally realized she's in love with him. Two Weeks Notice was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Sandra Bullock: Miss Congeniality and Forces of Nature.	PG-13	Comedy Romance			20021220	20030429	Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen.	3/4	fresh	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20021219
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	The real strength of the film is how closely Spielberg welds it to Ray and his family.	9/10	fresh		0	ComingSoon.net	20050705
"Former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) partners with ex-con Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) on the opposite side of the law. Dwayne Johnson joins returning favorites Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris ""Ludacris"" Bridges, Matt Schulze, Sung Kang, Gal Gadot, Tego Calderon and Don Omar for this ultimate high-stakes race. Since Brian and Mia Toretto (Brewster) broke Dom out of custody, they've blown across many borders to elude authorities. Now backed into a corner in Rio de Janeiro, they must pull one last job in order to gain their freedom. As they assemble their elite team of top racers, the unlikely allies know their only shot of getting out for good means confronting the corrupt businessman who wants them dead. But he's not the only one on their tail. Hard-nosed federal agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) never misses his target. -- (C) Universal"	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Justin Lin	Chris Morgan	20110429	20111004	For seeing gigantic men beat the hell out of one another and for leering at sexed-up hotties zipping around on scooters you'll be hard pressed to find any film that's its equal - until Fast Six.	B	fresh	Jordan Hoffman	0	UGO	20110427
"""Becoming Jane,"" is the story of the great, untold romance that inspired a young Jane Austen, played by Anne Hathaway. Willful and spirited, Jane is not ready to be tied down to anything but her writing. That is until she meets Tom Lefro, a charming rogue from London who spends more time drinking and socializing than on his law studies. The film also stars Julie Walters, James Cromwell and Maggie Smith. It is written by Sarah Williams and Kevin Hood, and directed by Julian Jarrold."	PG	Drama Romance	Julian Jarrold	Sarah Williams|Kevin Hood	20070803	20080212	The style of Masterpiece Thetaer is applied to this reimagining of the making of writer Jane Austen, which will upset purists due to its liberties with Austen's real background.	C+	rotten	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20070326
"Returning to the Ireland of his birth, director John Ford fashions a irresistable valentine to the ""Auld Sod"" in The Quiet Man. Irish-American boxer John Wayne, recovering from the trauma of having accidentally killed a man in the ring, arrives in the Irish village where he was born. Hoping to bury his past and settle down to a life of tranquility, Wayne has purchased the home of his birth from wealthy local widow Mildred Natwick, a transaction that has incurred the wrath of pugnacious squire Victor McLaglen, who coveted the property for himself. By and by, Wayne falls in love with McLaglen's beautiful, high-spirited sister Maureen O'Hara. Her insistence that Wayne conduct his courtship in a proper Irish manner-with puckish matchmaker Barry Fitzgerald along for the ride as ""chaperone""--is but one obstacle to their future happiness: the other is McLaglen, who spitefully refuses to give his consent to his sister's marriage, or to honor the tradition of paying a dowry to Wayne. Wayne could care less about dowries, but the tradition-bound Maureen refuses to consummate her marriage until McLaglen pays up. Under any other circumstances, Wayne would have punched out the bullying McLaglen long ago, but ever since his tragedy in the ring he has been reluctant to fight. Local priest Ward Bond conspires with several locals to trick McLaglen into paying his due. They intimate that widow Natwick, for whom McLaglen carries a torch, will marry the old brute if he'll give his consent to the marriage and fork over the dowry. But McLaglen finds he's been tricked and the situation remains at a standoff, with the frustrated Wayne locked out of his wife's bedroom. When Maureen accuses him of being a coward and walks out on him, our hero can stand no more. He marches Maureen to McLaglen's home, indicating that he plans to whale the tar out of both brother and sister. As a huge and appreciative crowd gathers the cornered McLaglen truculently tosses the money in Wayne's direction. Big John hands the bills to Maureen, just as she knew he would, and she ceremoniously destroys the money, just as he knew je would. Having proven their love for each other, there is nothing left for Wayne and Maureen to do but head home and perform their nuptual duties. But first there's the matter of giving McLaglen the thrashing he deserves....and it is this spectacular donnybrook, which covers several acres of land and at least two ""pit stops"" so that the combatants can quench their thirst, which convinces Natwick that the defeated McLaglen is truly worthy of her love (her logic is on a par with everyone else's in the film"	G	Classics Comedy Drama Romance	John Ford		19520814	20010220	If you love more recent Irish comedies, you might also want to catch this US-made, but thoroughly Irish charmer from yesteryear.	8	fresh	Brian Webster	0	Apollo Guide	20000101
This third film in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series finds the half-shelled ninjas traveling back in time to 17th-century Japan in order to save April O'Neil (Paige Turco). Once there, they also use their skills to help a rebel army battle an evil leader.	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Stuart Gillard|Corey Feldman|Tim Kelleher	Stuart Gillard|Joe Batteer	19930319	20020903	Look at it this way; it could be worse. Your kids could be hooked on Barney.	2.5/5	rotten	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	An indescribable little film of behaviors and performance, and while that effort is commendable, the picture can't help but come off insincere, waiting patiently for some sign of cinematic life that isn't completely affected.	C	rotten	Brian Orndorf	0	BrianOrndorf.com	20110118
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601	For all the great work that goes into it, Monster gives no reason to invest any time trying to understand why this pathetic person took seven lives.	2/4	rotten	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20040108
"""Love Ranch"" is a bittersweet love story that turns explosive when the players in a romantic triangle lose control and cross the line. Set in the late-1970s, the film depicts larger than life personalities living on the edge, Grace Bontempo and Charlie Bontempo, the husband and wife team who own and run Nevada's first legalized brothel. Their lives are suddenly altered when Armando Bruza, a husky, world famous heavy weight boxer from South America is brought to the Ranch to train as part of Charlie's ever-expanding entrepreneurial empire. Plans quickly go awry when Bruza comes between Grace and Charlie as an unforeseen love triangle develops that erupts into uncontrollable passion and murder."	R	Drama	Taylor Hackford	Mark Jacobson	20100630	20101109	Have you been waiting for Helen Mirren to run the best little whorehouse in Reno?	1/4	rotten	Wesley Morris	1	Boston Globe	20100701
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	Few things get better with age. Among the things that do: a good Scotch and, in his latest incarnation, Bond... James Bond.	9	fresh	Radheyan Simonpillai	0	AskMen.com	20121029
Hollywood 1927. George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) is a silent movie superstar. The advent of the talkies will sound the death knell for his career and see him fall into oblivion. For young extra Peppy Miller (Berenice Bejo), it seems the sky's the limit - major movie stardom awaits. The Artist tells the story of their interlinked destinies. -- (C) Weinstein	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Michel Hazanavicius	Michel Hazanavicius	20111125	20120626	Writer-director Michel Hazanavicius toys with despair only to gloss over it.	3/5	fresh	Rob Gonsalves	0	eFilmCritic.com	20120430
An all new feature film from the twisted minds of cult comedy heroes Tim Heidecker and Eric Wareheim (Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job)	R	Comedy	Tim Heidecker|Eric Wareheim	Doug Lussenhop|Tim Heidecker|Jonathan Krisel|Eric Wareheim	20120302	20120508	How much you'll enjoy Billion Dollar Movie probably comes down to your tolerance for extreme gross out humor.	3/5	fresh	Geoff Berkshire	0	Metromix.com	20120212
A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Like David O. Russell's previous films, American Hustle defies genre, hinging on raw emotion, and life and death stakes. (c) Sony	R	Drama			20131220	20140318	American Hustle is an ambitious satire, made by an accomplished filmmaker and loaded with terrific acting talent; but despite appreciating it for what it tried to achieve instead, it's hard not to feel slightly conned.	3.5/5	fresh	Blake Howard	0	2UE That Movie Show	20131215
In this Alfred Hitchcock film, Derrick De Marney finds himself in a difficult situation when he is wrongly accused of murder. While a fugitive from the law, De Marney is helped by heroine Nova Pilbeam. The actual villain, whose identity is never in doubt, is George Curzon.	NR	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Alfred Hitchcock	Alma Reville|Charles Bennett|Gerald Savory|Edwin Greenwood	19380217	20020730	Breezy, romantic Hitchcock; an underrated gem.	3/5	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	San Francisco Examiner	20030414
"With the recent assault on Berlusconi in Milan where a man threw a statuette at the prime minister hitting him in the face and causing considerable injury, and the subsequent notice by his administration that the government would seek tighter controls on Facebook and other social networking sites which they claim ""instigate"" violence against the prime minister, this elucidating probe of Italian mass media and political skullduggery comes to U.S. audiences at a bizarre and critical moment in Italian history.Thirty years ago, Silvio Berlusconi bought a local television channel and aired a late-night quiz show featuring a sexy housewife who took off her clothes to reward callers for correct answers. The only complaints came from local factories whose employees stayed up late to watch and were too tired to work the next day. From then on, Berlusconi's empire grew and his shows became evermore heavily populated with half-naked women known as veline, young starlets charged with posing and dancing sexy and silent next to the host.How can one explain the devolution of the politics and media culture of Italy in the age of its current prime minister and media emperor Silvio Berlusconi? As the owner of Mediaset, he controls the majority of the country's private television stations, and other media outlets such as, for example, Medusa, the country's largest motion picture producer. As Italy's political leader, he maintains considerable control of the state-run RAI channels, affording him an unprecedented hybrid of executive power and private interest to control the airwaves - and to numb the minds of the populace and unapologetically shape public opinion to his financial and political benefit. Cut to August of 2009 when, as reported by the Associated Press, the powers that be at RAI and Mediaset channels refused to broadcast the trailer of the a small independent film called VIDEOCRACY (just prior to its world premiere at the Venice Film Festival) calling the spots ""offensive to the honor and personal reputation of the prime minister."" The film dared to probe the methods and lives of key players in Berlusconi's empire, examining how they thrive in the secret leveraging of their own conflicted interests in the realms of fame, politics and finance. Understanding that words simply cannot do his story justice, director Erik Gandini richly illustrates VIDEOCRACY with the trashy TV clips, bucolic political spots and brazen press conferences that swept Berlusconi into power - and the pandering that outshines the crassest of American broadcasters by far. Approaching the material as both insider and outsider, Gandini gains remarkable access to the opulent world of Berlusconi's associates and the armies of willing wannabes that swarm around them. Subjects range from Silvio himself, to talent agent Lele Mora, to the infamous paparazzo Fabrizio Corona (currently imprisoned for extortion), to a factory worker seeking the fame that only television can supply. In an environment where any journalist inclined to criticism faces temptation to join the party, Gandini maintains a critical distance and unravels for the viewer a modern Italy as both comedy and tragedy. -- (C) Lorber"	NR	Documentary Special Interest Television	Erik Gandini	Erik Gandini	20090828	20100907	Sadly, filmmaker Erik Gandini misses an opportunity ... in this documentary that sets out to explore the links between Berlusconi's business interests and his political standing.	2/5	rotten	David Parkinson	0	Radio Times	20100603
"Set in a dystopic present where vigilant gargoyles and ferocious demons rage in a battle for ultimate power, Victor Frankenstein's creation Adam (Aaron Eckhart) finds himself caught in the middle as both sides race to discover the secret to his immortality. From the creators of the hit supernatural saga, UNDERWORLD, comes the action thriller I, FRANKENSTEIN, written for the screen and directed by Stuart Beattie based on the graphic novel ""I, Frankenstein"" by Kevin Grevioux, and brought to life by a cast that includes Aaron Eckhart, Bill Nighy, Yvonne Strahovski, Miranda Otto, Jai Courtney, Socratis Otto, Mahesh Jadu, Caitlin Stasey and Aden Young as Victor Frankenstein. (c) Lionsgate"	PG-13	Horror Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Stuart Beattie	Stuart Beattie	20140124	20140513	The last thing this film wants to do is make a believable world.	2/5	rotten	Andrew Osmond	0	SFX Magazine	20140221
"BLEED FOR THIS is the incredible true story of one of the most inspiring and unlikely comebacks in sports history. Miles Teller (Whiplash, Divergent) stars as Vinny ""The Pazmanian Devil"" Pazienza, a local Providence boxer who shot to stardom after winning two world title fights. After a near-fatal car accident leaves Vinny with a broken neck, he is told he may never walk again. Against all odds and doctor's orders, renowned trainer Kevin Rooney (Aaron Eckhart) agrees to help Vinny return to the ring just a year after the accident for what could be the last fight of his life."	R	Drama Sports and Fitness	Ben Younger	Ben Younger	20161118	20170214	Bleed for This is a scrapper, with solid mechanics and a true story that would otherwise be dismissed as too incredible for a movie. 	B	fresh	Steve Persall	0	Tampa Bay Times	20161115
This beautiful if ponderous souffl	R	Drama Romance	Bernardo Bertolucci	Bernardo Bertolucci|Susan Minot	19960614	20020108		7/10	fresh	Jack Garner	0	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	20000101
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	The best heist film in years. 	5/5	fresh	Gary Wolcott	0	Tri-City Herald	20170818
Rango is a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis. After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in? When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt - a lawless outpost populated by the desert's most wily and whimsical creatures - the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt... -- (C) Paramount	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family	Gore Verbinski	John Logan	20110304	20110715	As animation, this is top class, and a mile away from the orthodox. Some of the detail is terrific, and the screenplay is sharply intelligent.	3/5	fresh	Derek Malcolm	0	London Evening Standard	20110304
"In the nation of Libria, there is always peace among men. The rules of the Librian system are simple. If you are happy, you will be arrested. If you cry, the law will hunt you down. If you read a contraband book or so much as look at a smuggled painting, you've committed a crime. To keep the peace, citizens must take their daily doses Prozium, a powerful designer drug that stops feelings dead and keeps everyone on an even keel. Refuse to take the drug and special police will find you. Up until now, top-ranking government official John Preston has believed in this system, has upheld the system as a highly-trained ""Cleric"" who seeks out and destroys those who don't take their pills. But then he skips his own dose of Prozium--and discovers an incredible new world of sensation that gives him the passion to fight for freedom."	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Kurt Wimmer	Kurt Wimmer	20021206	20030513	With too much emphasis on the stylishly shot fight and action sequences rather than the sci-fi or even human elements, the film is all flash and little substance, even when it pretends to be interested in the latter.	3/10	rotten	Jim Judy	0	Screen It!	20021205
The true-life story of a coach who tries to teach his players that there's more to life than basketball is brought to the screen in this sports drama. Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) was once a star player on the Richmond High School basketball team in Richmond, CA, and years later, after establishing himself in publishing and marketing, he returns to the school and to the team as the new basketball coach. Carter quickly sees that his work is cut out for him -- the team is having an awful season, and their fights off the court are more decisive than their play on the court. While Carter wants to make the Richmond cagers into a winning team, he also wants a lot more -- to teach the boys to respect themselves and one another, and that they must excel in the classroom as well as in the gymnasium. Under Carter's guidance, the team turns their losing season around, with the state title a genuine possibility. However, when Carter learns that a number of his players have let their grade point averages slip below 2.3, as mandated in a contract he entered into with the students, he decides to lock the team out of the gym and send them into study hall until their marks improve. Carter's plan quickly becomes a subject of controversy among parents and team boosters, and their objections are soon picked up by the local news media, many of whom are not sympathetic to Carter's belief that his players must have goals beyond college ball or the NBA. Coach Carter also features Rob Brown and Rick Gonzalez as members of the team, and R&amp;B; diva Ashanti in her film debut as the girlfriend of one of Carter's players.	PG-13	Drama	Thomas Carter	Mark Schwahn|John Gatins	20050114	20050621	Is there anything in movies less convincing than a high-school ne'er-do-wells get-down-and-study montage?	C	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20050112
Marvel's first family of comic superheroes takes the world by storm as the longest running comic book series in history comes to the big screen. Reed Richards/Mr. Fantastic, who can elongate his body; Susan Storm/Invisible Woman, who not only can become invisible at will but can render other objects invisible; Johnny Storm/Human Torch, who can shoot fire from his finger tips and bend flame; and Ben Grimm/The Thing, a hideously misshapen monster with superhuman strength, together battle the evil Doctor Doom.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Tim Story	Mark Frost|Michael France|Carl Johansen	20050708	20051206	Never goes deeper than the ink on a comic book	D	rotten	Christopher Smith	0	Bangor Daily News (Maine)	20050901
Real-life sweethearts Michael Cera and Charlyne Yi star in a fictionalized version of their romance in this indie semi-documentary comedy, written by Yi. Playing themselves, Yi and Cera embark on a scripted version of their own story. In the movie, Yi has agreed to be the subject of a documentary about her quest to discover if love really exists, since she's never experienced it. As part of her participation in the project, she has a film crew follow her around throughout every new development in her love life -- which gets complicated when she starts dating fellow comedian Cera. This portion of the film is all narrative, and was written into the script, but also as part of the documentary, Yi travels the country interviewing various people about their opinions and experiences with love, and these portions of the film are real -- the interviewees are not actors. Melding truth and fantasy, Paper Heart uses equal parts comedy and realism to resolve the ultimate question of whether love is fact or fiction.	PG-13	Comedy	Nicholas Jasenovec	Nicholas Jasenovec|Charlyne Yi	20090814	20091201	The crockumentary crashes and burns in Paper Heart, built around comedian Charlyne Yi's purported search for true love.	C	rotten	Gary Thompson	0	Philadelphia Daily News	20090806
Directed by Clint Eastwood, the mysterious drama Mystic River is based on the novel by Dennis Lehane and adapted by screenwriter Brian Helgeland. Set in an Irish neighborhood in Boston, Jimmy, Sean, and Dave are three childhood friends who are reunited after a brutal murder takes place. Reformed convict Jimmy Markum (Sean Penn) and his devoted wife Annabeth (Laura Linney) find out that their teenage daughter Katie (Emmy Rossum) has been beaten and killed. Jimmy's old friend Sean Devine (Kevin Bacon) is the homicide detective assigned to the case, along with partner Whitey Powers (Laurence Fishburne). Jimmy also gets his relatives, the Savage brothers (Adam Nelson and Robert Wahlberg), to conduct an investigation of their own. Jimmy and Sean both start to suspect their old pal, Dave Boyle (Tim Robbins), who lives a quiet life with his wife Celeste (Marcia Gay Harden) but harbors some disturbing secrets. Clint Eastwood won a Golden Coach for Mystic River at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Brian Helgeland	20031008	20040608	Eastwood's screen adaptation of the famous Dennis Lehane novel is one of the year's most well-made dramas.	3.5/4	fresh	David Keyes	0	Cinemaphile.org	20031105
From filmmaker Andrew Stanton comes John Carter-a sweeping action-adventure set on the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars). John Carter is based on a classic novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, whose highly imaginative adventures served as inspiration for many filmmakers, both past and present. The film tells the story of war-weary, former military captain John Carter (Taylor Kitsch), who is inexplicably transported to Mars where he becomes reluctantly embroiled in a conflict of epic proportions amongst the inhabitants of the planet, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and the captivating Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). In a world on the brink of collapse, Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. -- (C) Walt Disney	PG-13	Action and Adventure Horror Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrew Stanton|Mark Atkins	Mark Atkins|Mark Andrews|Michael Chabon|Andrew Stanton	20120309	20120605	A bloated sci-fi epic from Disney that's made watchable by swell effects, passable performances and those little dashes of humor that reassure us that the filmmakers know this is all a lark.	2/4	rotten	Roger Moore	0	Tribune News Service	20120323
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601	Theron digs so deep into her doomed character that it's impossible not to feel empathy.	4/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20040115
Brian DePalma directed this taut thriller, set in Atlantic City, where a corrupt cop investigates a political assassination. Outside an Atlantic City arena-hotel-casino, a TV news reporter stands in a pre-hurricane storm to report on the heavyweight boxing match about to begin inside. A transition to the stadium interior focuses on Atlantic City homicide Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage), a father with a wife and son, yet also a dishonest cop who maintains a mistress and cheerfully accepts bribes. DePalma's Steadicam follows Santoro on a fast-paced tour of the stadium as the laughing, yelling detective travels stairs and hallways, talks to a gal with a between-rounds placard, visits the dressing room of champ Lincoln Tyler (Stan Shaw), rides down an escalator to squeeze money from a small-time hood, enters the arena of 14,000 fight fans, talks on his phone with his girlfriend and wife, and sits ringside next to his lifelong buddy, Navy Cmdr. Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise). Behind Dunne, the U.S. Secretary of Defense Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani) is seated alongside billionaire casino owner Gilbert Powell (John Heard). As the fight gets underway, Dunne abandons his position protecting the defense chief to pursue a suspicious redhead. From his ringside vantage point, Santoro has a close view of the champ, curiously conscious despite taking a kayo punch. At that moment, an assassin fires at Kirkland. Santoro immediately concocts a good cover story for his pal (to explain why Dunne left his post protecting Kirkland). Just after the shooting, Dunne kills a Palestinian extremist, the apparent killer, and Santoro orders the stadium doors locked, hoping he can locate other suspects among the fleeing crowd. One such is Julia Costello (Carla Gugino), an injured woman in a blond wig who spoke with Kirkland seconds before the gunfire. After a video replay reveals the champ took a fall, going down to the floor from a punch that never touched him, Santoro becomes more curious and suspicious, comparing witness accounts, and he attempts to locate Julia, convinced she's the key to truth behind the assassination. As it all comes to a head, Santoro peels through successive layers of corruption, ultimately confronting himself in a self-examination of his own values. Filmed at Montreal's old Forum.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian DePalma	Brian DePalma|David Koepp	19980807	19990216		D	rotten		1	Entertainment Weekly	19980807
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	The Imitation Game is an astounding story, both for its marvel and its misery.	4/5	fresh	Tom Glasson	0	Concrete Playground	20150104
"Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (""The Fault in Our Stars""), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox"	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	There's something fascinating about this behavioral puzzle, yet the production seems apprehensive to find authentic beats of awakening, preferring to glaze down Quentin's crusade just when it's getting interesting.	C	rotten	Brian Orndorf	0	Blu-ray.com	20150724
Alex Browning, is embarking on a trip to Paris with his high school French class. In the plane's cabin, buckled-in and ready for take-off, Alex experiences a powerful premonition. He sees the plane explode in a fiery blaze moments after leaving the ground. Alex panics and insists that everyone get off the plane. In the melee than ensues, seven people including Alex, are forced to disembark the ill-fated aircraft. Back in the departure lounge, Alex and his friends Billy and Tod; Clear a young woman who instinctively heeded Alex's warning; Carter, whose derision of Alex's paranoia had him and his girlfriend Terry thrown off the plane; and Ms. Lewton, the teacher who volunteers to stay with the disembarking students, all watch as Alex's horrific premonition proves tragically accurate when the plane explodes in a catastrophic fireball. Ironically, even though Alex's intuition saves lives, after the crash he is plagued by both guilt and suspicion. Ominous portents of doom as well as the FBI, dog his every step. Alex comes to believe that somehow, he and the other survivors have briefly cheated death, but will not be able to evade their fate for very long. Clear befriends Alex, but no one, not even she, really believes his macabre theory -- not even as one by one, these fugitives from fate fall victim to the grim reaper.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Jeffrey Reddick|Glen Morgan	20000317	20000926		3/4	fresh	David Keyes	0	Cinemaphile.org	20000101
Something mysterious is happening in the Hundred Acre Wood. There are strange rumblings in the night, and the ground shakes and quakes. Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Roo are told by Rabbit that it can only be one thing: Heffalumps. Whether or not Heffalumps are friends or foes remains to be seen.	G	Animation Kids and Family	Frank Nissen	Brian Hohlfeld|Evan Spiliotopoulos	20050211	20050524	In contrast to Tigger and Piglet, Lumpy offers fewer incentives to take a trip to the theatre to make his acquaintance.	C+	rotten	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20050209
Special government agent James West, long on charm and wit, and special government agent Artemus Gordon, a master of disguises and a brilliant inventor of gadgets large and small, are each sent to track down the diabolical genius Dr. Arliss Loveless. Loveless is plotting to assassinate the President of the United States with the aid of his monstrously huge walking weapon-transport vehicle called The Tarantula. West and Gordon begin as competitors but soon pool their talents to become a wily team of operatives who trust each other... most of the time.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Western	Barry Sonnenfeld		19990630	19991130	The sheer fun generated by the characterizations will provide enough entertainment value for the average moviegoer.	4/5	fresh	John R. McEwen	0	Film Quips Online	20030208
A murder on a military base unearths a netherworld of corruption in this thriller based on the novel by Nelson DeMille. General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell) is a respected military leader with a flawless reputation; he's due to retire from the Army soon and is headed for a Vice-Presidential nomination. However, Campbell finds himself in both a personal and political crisis when his daughter is brutally murdered. Captain Elizabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson) was beautiful, intelligent, disciplined, and well-regarded, the very model of an ideal female officer; she was also stationed at the same base as her father. Paul Brenner (John Travolta), a warrant officer of the Army's Criminal Investigation Division, is assigned to look into the case alongside CID officer Sara Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe). Brenner and Sunhill were once romantically involved, complicating an assignment that soon offers more than enough complications of its own. Brenner and Sunhill come to realize that, for all her accomplishments, Elizabeth carried a lifetime of emotional scars from emotional abuse and sexual harassment, and that, despite the General's reputation, his relationship with his daughter was not always a happy or healthy one. It also seems possible that the General's second-in-command, General George Fowler (Clarence Williams III), a likely candidate for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, may also be implicated in the crime. The General's Daughter was the second feature film for director Simon West; his full-length debut was Con Air (1997), after a long string of successful television commercials and music videos.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Simon West	Nelson DeMille|William Goldman|Christopher Bertolini	19990618	19991214	A muddled mystery.	4/10	rotten	Jack Garner	0	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	20000101
Writer/director Lisa Cholodenko follows up her much-acclaimed 1997 debut High Art with this examination of a young couple seduced into a hedonistic, left-coast lifestyle. Taking its title from its central locale, Laurel Canyon focuses on a pair of upper-middle class lovebirds from the East Coast who relocate to Los Angeles. Freshly minted from Harvard, Sam (Christian Bale) and Alex (Kate Beckinsale) are eager to continue their medical studies out West, but they need some lodging while they hunt for a home. Enter Jane (Frances McDormand), Sam's estranged, Age-of-Aquarius mom, who's more than willing to put the couple up in her lavish digs. Jane is a successful record producer whose latest charge -- both in the studio and in her bedroom -- is Ian (Alessandro Nivola), a brazen, libidinous twentysomething Brit-rocker. As Sam and Alex settle in at Jane's, they gradually lose their straight-and-narrow approach to life and begin to experiment. Alex takes to Ian and Jane, while Sam is wooed by co-worker Sara (Natascha McElhone). Laurel Canyon features a score by Shudder to Think's Craig Wedren; the music for Ian's band was provided by Sparklehorse's Mark Linkous and indie-rockers Folk Implosion.	R	Art House and International Drama	Lisa Cholodenko	Lisa Cholodenko	20030307	20030715	By the time Laurel Canyon closes, we're left with a number of dangling subplots, lots of questions and two hideously unbelievable reconciliations.	2.5/4	rotten	Forrest Hartman	0	Reno Gazette-Journal	20030502
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	Jackson's elegant performance gives the frequently tough to swallow story some credence.	3/5	fresh	Phelim O'Neill	0	Guardian	20070616
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	This is a darkly funny, deeply moving and always audacious high wire act of a film that, much like its unforgettable heroine, obeys none of the rules or niceties and is all the more memorable and exciting because of it.	5/5	fresh	Peter Sobczynski	0	eFilmCritic.com	20171117
A handful of kids stranded without their parents is determined to make the most of a bad situation in this comedy. It's Christmas Eve, and Oliver Porter (Lewis Black), the passenger relations manager at a busy airport in the Midwest, is looking forward to spending Christmas in Hawaii with his wife after 15 years in a row working on the busy Yuletide holiday. However, fate conspires against him when a massive snowstorm sweeps in and all flights are canceled. Porter suddenly has to deal with a number of stranded passengers, including six tween-age kids who are each flying unaccompanied from one divorced parent to another -- spoiled little rich girl Grace (Gina Mantegna), geeky but likable Spencer (Dyllan Christopher), his pesky little sister Katy (Dominique Saldana), plus-size comic book fan Beef (Brett Kelly), grumpy tomboy Donna (Quinn Shephard), and bright but mischievous Charlie (Tyler James Williams). With his hands full and determined to make his way to the islands, Porter puts his assistant Zach Van Bourke (Wilmer Valderrama) in charge of the kids. Zach doesn't care for this assignment and the kids don't care for him, and before long they've escaped from the basement conference room where he's stashed them and turned the airport into their playground. Unaccompanied Minors also features Paget Brewster, Rob Corddry and Teri Garr.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Feig	Mya Stark|Jacob Meszaros	20061208	20070807		B-	fresh	Dave White	0	Movies.com	20061208
"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey follows title character Bilbo Baggins, who is swept into an epic quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor, which was long ago conquered by the dragon Smaug. Approached out of the blue by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior Thorin Oakenshield. Although their goal lies to the East and the wastelands of the Lonely Mountain, first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where Bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever... Gollum. Here, alone with Gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming Bilbo Baggins not only discovers depths ofguile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of Gollum's ""precious"" ...a simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all Middle-earth in ways Bilbo cannot begin to know. -- (C) Warner Bros"	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Peter Jackson	Peter Jackson|Philippa Boyens|Guillermo del Toro|Fran Walsh	20121214	20130319	"When, in Jackson's film, someone describes a character's ""love of gold"" as having become ""too fierce,"" you wonder if the warning might apply to ""The Hobbit"" in other ways."	2.5/4	rotten	Michael Phillips	1	Chicago Tribune	20121213
Director John Woo brings Hong Kong-style martial arts action to this comic book-flavored sequel that eschews the complicated plot and political maneuverings of its predecessor in favor of pure, adrenaline-charged thrills. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, an operative for the top-secret government agency IMF (Impossible Missions Force). Fellow agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott) has gone rogue, stealing a sample of a deadly synthetic virus named Chimera that could rapidly wipe out the world's population. Ambrose's plan is to sell Chimera to the highest bidder in exchange for shares of stock in the winner's company. Summoned by the new IMF chief (Anthony Hopkins in an uncredited cameo role), Ethan is assigned to recruit the help of Ambrose's former lover Nyah Nordoff-Hall (Thandie Newton), a gorgeous woman who left Ambrose broken-hearted and who may be able to quickly regain his confidence. Once he meets and spends a night with Nyah, however, Ethan is smitten, and now must both capture Ambrose and keep Nyah alive as she infiltrates a nest of vipers. Sophisticated disguises, gun battles, and high-speed chases are the order of the day, very much in the James Bond mold. Mission: Impossible 2 is based on a story by Star Trek: The Next Generation writers Ronald D. Moore and Brannon Braga, with a script polish by Robert Towne.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Woo	William Goldman|John Logan|David Marconi|Michael Tolkin|Robert Towne|Rick Berman	20001231	20001107		2/5	rotten	Jeremiah Kipp	0	ToxicUniverse.com	20020127
"""Couples Retreat"" follows four Midwestern couples who embark on a journey to a tropical island resort. While one of the couples is there to work on their marriage, the other three set out to jet ski, spa and enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon discover that participation in the resort's couple's therapy is not optional. Suddenly, their group-rate vacation comes at a price. What follows is a hilarious look at real world problems faced by all couples."	PG-13	Comedy	Peter Billingsley	Jon Favreau|Vince Vaughn|Dana Fox	20091009	20100209	This couples-in-conflict comedy starts strongly but then slips into the turquoise water of paradise lost.	2/4	rotten	John Wirt	0	Advocate (Baton Rouge, LA)	20091016
The director of Mortal Kombat (1995) adapts another popular video game for the big screen with this gory action thriller. Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez star as Alice and Rain, two members of a commando team assigned to infiltrate the Hive, an underground research laboratory owned by the faceless conglomerate known as the Umbrella Corporation. A bio-engineered virus has been released into the maze-like Hive, turning the facility's employees into mindless, flesh-eating zombies. A single scratch or bite from one of these rampaging ghouls dooms its victim, so the commandos have their work cut out for them as they attempt to reach the Red Queen, the lab's supercomputer -- and their sole hope of halting the spread of the contagion. Before they can complete their mission, however, the soldiers must overcome a variety of deadly obstacles, including mutant dogs, lasers, and a genetically altered beast known as The Licker, whose strength increases with every victim it slays. Alice and Rain also discover that the release of the virus may not have been an accident, and that a cure may exist somewhere in the deadly Hive. Resident Evil co-stars Eric Mabius, James Purefoy, Martin Crewes, and Colin Salmon.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Mystery and Suspense			20020315	20020730	essentially a futuristic Night of the Living Dead without the social commentary, pacing, or interesting characters	1.5/4	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20020319
Gregorio and Ingrid are the two greatest secret agents the world has ever known: masters of disguise, mavens of invention, able to stop wars before they even start. Working for separate countries, they are sent to eliminate their most dangerous enemy...each other. But in an exotic corner of the world when they finally come face to face, they fall in love instead and embark on the most dangerous mission they have ever faced: raising a family. Now, nine years later, after their retirement, having exchanged the adventure of espionage for parenthood, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are called back into action. When their former colleagues, the world's most formidable spies, start disappearing one by one, the Cortez's are forced to take on techno-wizard Fegan Floop and his evil, egg-headed sidekick, Minion. But when the unthinkable happens and they too disappear, there are only two people in the world who can rescue them...their kids. Armed with a bag of high tech gadgets and out-of-this world transportation, Carmen and Juni will bravely jet through the air, dive under the seas and crisscross the globe in a series of thrilling adventures on a mission to stop Floop, save their parents...and maybe even the world. Sometimes the biggest heroes are the smallest ones.	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family Mystery and Suspense	Robert Rodriguez	Robert Rodriguez	20010330	20010918	Right from the start, Rodriguez peppers his film with a delightful potpourri of elements.	3.5/4	fresh	Mary Kalin-Casey	0	Reel.com	20010330
"Lawrence Kasdan's Silverado is a fond hark back to the all-star, big-budget westerns of the 1950s and 1960s. The various plotlines converge at the town of Silverado, held in thrall by crooked sheriff Brian Dennehy and his behemoth ""deputies."" The four disparate heroes--Kevin Kline, Kevin Costner, Scott Glenn and Danny Glover--prepare to do battle against Dennehy for personal reasons ranging from mercenary to altruistic. Sidelines characters include duplicitous, dandified gambler Jeff Goldblum, frontier widow Rosanna Arquette and gimlet-eyed saloon owner Linda Hunt. The film is stolen hands-down by Kevin Costner, playing an irresponsible young gunslinger who never speaks when hootin' and hollerin' will do. A classic, High Noon-style showdown caps this rousing retro western."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Western	Lawrence Kasdan	Mark Kasdan|Lawrence Kasdan	19850101	19990531	A good movie, although it's sometimes too antiseptic for what a Western should be. There's some great shoot-out scenes.	3/5	fresh	Larry Carroll	0	Countingdown.com	20020808
This is the labyrinthine study of the life of a newspaper tycoon.	PG	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Orson Welles		19410501	20010925	Classic should be required for any movie lover.	5/5	fresh	Nell Minow	0	Common Sense Media	20101222
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	Not since Jeff Goldblum succumbed to a purely sci-fi disease in 'The Fly' has watching a great actor gradually lose it being so gutting. 	4/5	fresh	Matt Prigge	0	Metro	20150115
"The eerie and deserted ghost town of Silent Hill draws a young mother desperate to find a cure for her only child's illness. Unable to accept the doctor's diagnosis that her daughter should be permanently institutionalized for psychiatric care, Rose flees with her child, heading for the abandoned town in search of answers -- and ignoring the protests of her husband. It's soon clear this place is unlike anywhere she's ever been. It's smothered by fog, inhabited by a variety of strange beings and periodically overcome by a living ""darkness"" that literally transforms everything it touches. As Rose begins to learn the history of the strange town, she realizes that her daughter is just a pawn in a larger game."	R	Action and Adventure Horror	Christophe Gans	Roger Avary	20060421	20060822	Silent Hill renders the look and feel of the game with perfect clarity... But it's this unwavering fidelity to the source material that is also the film's biggest problem.	3/5	fresh	James Dyer	0	Empire Magazine	20060421
"A chronicle exploring what happened in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on June 12th, 2000--Valentine's Day in Brazil--when Bus 174 was highjacked by an armed young man, Sandro do Nascimento, with a dozen passengers. Nascimento, a disillusioned slum-dweller, threatened to kill all of the passengers, but eventually agreed to surrender, as TV cameras were rolling and an entire nation was glued to their screens, watching the event take place. Regardless, a police officer then decided to fire at Nascimento anyway, accidentally killing one of the female passengers instead. What followed was a revolt among the city's population, enraged both at the police brutality and their incompetence. The crowd's reactions were comparable with the Rodney King riots. The documentary captures the media and society's responses to the event. As the chronicle intertwines the story of the standoff, it also presents biographical information about Sandro do Nascimento, which includes: his childhood as a survivor of the ""Candelaria"" child mass murders in the early 1990s; his subsequent adolescence in which he was sent to horrific juvenile delinquency facilities; as well, his trauma sustained from seeing his mother stabbed to death in front of him."	R	Art House and International Documentary Drama Special Interest			20031008	20040720	In a city that continually hides its social problems among the shadows, it's inevitable that the surest light to reveal them would come from a muzzle flash.	4/5	fresh	Marc Savlov	0	Austin Chronicle	20040208
No matter whom we are, no matter where we live, we're all bound by borders. Many of us are content to live within these borders--others are simply forced to exist within them. But some of us need to break out, burst through, even if what is on the other side is both frightening and unknown. From this comes the tale of one young man's dilemma as he navigates his way through his colliding worlds. Set against Detroit's hip-hop scene in 1995, the story centers on Jimmy Smith Jr., a young white rapper, who struggles to find his voice. The people of Detroit know '8 Mile' as the city limit or a border. It is also a psychological dividing line that separates Jimmy from where and who he wants to be, as he struggles to find the strength and courage to transcend his boundaries.	R	Drama	Curtis Hanson	Scott Silver	20021108	20030318	A brilliant, engaging examination of people who dream of escape.	5/5	fresh	David Cornelius	0	eFilmCritic.com	20021110
"DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" is a heart-breaking drama about fate, love, moral dilemmas and the lengths to which one couple will go to see their dreams realized. Starring Academy Award (R) and Golden Globe (R) nominee Michael Fassbender, Oscar (R) winner Alicia Vikander, Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Rachel Weisz, Bryan Brown and Jack Thompson, the film is written for the screen and directed by Derek Cianfrance based on the acclaimed novel by M.L. Stedman. The producers are Academy Award nominee David Heyman, p.g.a. and Jeffrey Clifford, p.g.a. with Tom Karnowski, Rosie Alison, Jeff Skoll and Jonathan King serving as executive producers. In the years following World War I, Tom Sherbourne (Michael Fassbender), a young veteran still numb from his years in combat, takes a job as lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, a remote island off the coast of Western Australia. As the island's sole inhabitant, he finds comfort in the monotony of the chores and the solitude of his surroundings. When he meets the daughter of the school's headmaster, Isabel Graysmark (Alicia Vikander), in the local town of Partageuse on the mainland, Tom is immediately captivated by her beauty, wit and passion, and they are soon married and living on the island. As their love flourishes, he begins to feel again, their happiness marred only by their inability to start a family, so when a rowboat with a dead man and infant girl mysteriously washes ashore, Isabel believes their prayers may have finally been answered. As a man of principle, Tom is torn between reporting the lost child and pleasing the woman he loves, and against his better judgment he agrees to let Isabel raise the child as their own, making a choice with devastating consequences. DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" opens in U.S. theaters on September 2nd."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Derek Cianfrance	Derek Cianfrance	20160902	20170124	It's ambitious as hell, and all three actors are up for the challenge, but the film's momentum slips away in the final movement when characters are separated and isolated by the demands of the plot.	3/5	fresh	Norman Wilner	0	NOW Toronto	20160831
"Fifteen-year-old Jim Hawkins stumbles upon a map to the greatest pirate trove in the universe. The tale follows Jim's fantastic journey across a parallel universe as cabin boy aboard a glittering space galleon. Befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg (part man, part machine) cook John Silver, Jim blossoms under his guidance, and shows the makings of a fine spacer as he and the alien crew battle supernovas, black holes and ferocious space storms. But even greater dangers lie ahead when Jim discovers that his trusted friend Sliver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny in mind. Confronted with a betrayal that cuts deep into his soul, Jim is transformed from boy to man as he finds the strength to face down the mutineers and discovers a ""treasure"" greater than he had ever imagined."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ron Clements|John Musker	Sam Levine|Alex Mann|Ron Clements|John Musker|Rob Edwards	20021127	20030429	Sci-fi meets sea-faring fantasy, and the mix isn't half bad.	3/4	fresh	Steven Rea	1	Philadelphia Inquirer	20021127
Directed by Clint Eastwood, the mysterious drama Mystic River is based on the novel by Dennis Lehane and adapted by screenwriter Brian Helgeland. Set in an Irish neighborhood in Boston, Jimmy, Sean, and Dave are three childhood friends who are reunited after a brutal murder takes place. Reformed convict Jimmy Markum (Sean Penn) and his devoted wife Annabeth (Laura Linney) find out that their teenage daughter Katie (Emmy Rossum) has been beaten and killed. Jimmy's old friend Sean Devine (Kevin Bacon) is the homicide detective assigned to the case, along with partner Whitey Powers (Laurence Fishburne). Jimmy also gets his relatives, the Savage brothers (Adam Nelson and Robert Wahlberg), to conduct an investigation of their own. Jimmy and Sean both start to suspect their old pal, Dave Boyle (Tim Robbins), who lives a quiet life with his wife Celeste (Marcia Gay Harden) but harbors some disturbing secrets. Clint Eastwood won a Golden Coach for Mystic River at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Brian Helgeland	20031008	20040608	The film births wonderful performances from all three lead actors, as well as Marcia Gay Harden, who's palpable in preternatural ways, Thomas Guiry as the boy in love with Jimmy's daughter, and virtually everyone else with a strip of film time.	8	fresh	Jon Lap	0	Apollo Guide	20050513
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	Ms. Jolie tries her best to be sweet, brisk, and breezy, but the film's leaden pace and hackneyed plot won't allow her to be much more than a cardboard spectator...	4/10	rotten	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20021015
Urban comedy-drama spanning nine years in the life of a gay man in New York, centering around the loves in his life, his stormy relationship with his mother, and his hopes to adopt a son.	R	Comedy Drama	Paul Bogart	Harvey Fierstein	19881214	20040504		2/5	rotten	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20030822
Set in the 1930s, an uncharismatic chess grandmaster travels to Italy to play the match of his life and meets a beautiful young woman who is vacationing with her mother at a nearby resort.	PG-13	Art House and International Drama	Marleen Gorris	Peter Berry	20010420	20010918	Just as Hicks did for the keyboard, Gorris makes the chessboard sexy, mostly by focusing not on it but on the people sitting at it.	4/5	fresh	Michael O'Sullivan	1	Washington Post	20010504
"Featuring an all-star comedy cast including Aubrey Plaza, Johnny Simmons, Bill Hader,Alia Shawkat, Sarah Steele, Rachel Bilson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, DonaldGlover, Scott Porter, Andy Samberg, Connie Britton and Clark Gregg, ""The To Do List"" is a comedy about close friends and a special summer project, loosely inspired by the real-life adventures of first-time writer/director Maggie Carey. Set in 1993, valedictorian Brandy Klark wants to shed her uptight image before college, so she assembles a to do list of all the ""activities"" she missed out on in high school. Quickly realizing that she's way out of her depth, Brandy solicits her best friends, older sister and burnt-out boss for their help and advice. If the group is going to complete the list by September they'll need plenty of imagination and very open minds. (c) CBS Films"	R	Comedy	Maggie Carey	Maggie Carey	20130726	20131119	Forgettable movie about a college-age girl trying to make up for lost time sexually may be just a 'to do' lister for that demo and no one else.	2.5/5	rotten	Pete Hammond	0	Movieline	20130729
Donnie (Jake Gyllenhaal) is a bright and charming high-school student who also has a dark and willfully eccentric side; he does little to mask his contempt for many of his peers and enjoys challenging the authority of the adults around him. Donnie is also visited on occasion by Frank, a monstrous six-foot rabbit that only Donnie can see who often urges him to perform dangerous and destructive pranks. Late one night, Frank leads Donnie out of his home to inform him that the world will come to an end in less than a month; moments later, the engine of a jet aircraft comes crashing through the ceiling of Donnie's room, making him think there might be something to Frank's prophesies after all. The rest of Donnie's world is only marginally less bizarre, as he finds himself dealing with his confused parents (Mary McDonnell and Holmes Osborne), his college-age sister (Maggie Gyllenhaal), his perplexed analyst (Katherine Ross), a rebellious English teacher (Drew Barrymore), a sleazy self-help expert (Patrick Swayze), and the new girl at school who is attracted by Donnie's quirks (Jena Malone). Donnie Darko was the first feature film from writer and director Richard Kelly; Drew Barrymore, who plays teacher Karen Pomeroy, also lent her support to the project as executive producer. A director's cut played in select theaters on a limited basis in the summer of 2004, featuring original music cues and trimmed scenes originally in Kelly's first cut of the film.	R	Comedy Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	Richard Kelly	Richard Kelly	20010119	20020319	Twisty, disturbing mix of John Hughes and James Cameron is an unsettling meditation on fate -- and the debut of a major talent.	4/5	fresh	James Rocchi	0	Netflix	20021107
A woman finds herself drafted into the battle of finding the perfect man in this romantic comedy. Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane) is a kindergarten teacher in her mid-thirties who is still dealing with the emotional aftermath of her divorce eight months ago. While her sisters, Christine (Ali Hillis) and Carol (Elizabeth Perkins), both think Sarah needs to start dating again, Sarah herself isn't so sure. Carol decides to force the issue by posting Sarah's photo and profile on an Internet dating site, and soon a number of seemingly eligible bachelors are sending her e-mails in hopes of a date. However, nearly every man she meets turns out to be a loser, with the exception of Jake (John Cusack), who is smart, good looking, and even brings along a dog for their walk in the park (though he doesn't tell her the pooch was borrowed for the occasion). However, Sarah also makes the acquaintance of Bob (Dermot Mulroney), the divorced father of one of her students, and she finds herself having to choose between two potentially worthwhile men. Meanwhile, Sarah's widowed father, Bill (Christopher Plummer), decides to give Internet dating a try, and lands himself a new steady in Dolly (Stockard Channing). Must Love Dogs is based on the best-selling novel of the same title by Claire Cook.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary David Goldberg	Gary David Goldberg	20050729	20051220	This one's a dog, all right.	D	rotten		0	E! Online	20050729
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	Hoffman has an intimate feel for the drama, yet he strives to open it out for the big screen with too many lyrical montages, and this occasionally blunts the more intense exchanges.	3/5	fresh	David Parkinson	0	Radio Times	20111109
An egotistical TV reporter learns to appreciate the good things in life thanks to an eccentric, homeless clairvoyant in this old-fashioned romantic comedy from director Stephen Herek (Mr. Holland's Opus). Seattle native Lanie Kerrigan (Angelina Jolie) has spent most of her adult existence trying to live down her gawky, geeky adolescence: She toils for hours at the gym to keep cellulite at bay; she's managed to snag an engagement to a star baseball player (Christian Kane); and through her chipper puff pieces on the nightly news, she's cultivated a loyal following of couch potatoes who pester her for autographs. She's ready to take the next step to national news when her boss suggests she further hone her skills with ace cameraman Pete Scanlon (Edward Burns), who also happens to be an old flame of Lanie's. Her comfortable but shallow existence begins to change the moment she and Pete do a story on Prophet Jack (Tony Shaloub), a sage soothsayer who spouts unusually accurate predictions to passers-by in exchange for spare change. Jack offers up the theory that Lanie will not get her cushy promotion; in fact, he says she'll die within a week. When Jack's other prophecies start coming true, Lanie starts living each day as if it were her last -- much to the dismay of her co-workers and her fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Stephen Herek	John Scott Shepherd|Dana Stevens	20020426	20021015	The script lurches from banal formula ... to vacuous, cringe-worthy contrivance.	2/4	rotten	Liam Lacey	1	Globe and Mail	20020426
Embrace of the Serpent features the encounter, apparent betrayal and finally life-affirming friendship between an Amazonian shaman (the last survivor of his people) and two foreign scientists.	NR	Action and Adventure Art House and International	Ciro Guerra	Ciro Guerra|Jacques Toulemonde Vidal	20160217	20160621	Though some of the concepts may be New Age boilerplate, the film's images linger; especially that of the river, the snake devouring us all.	3.5/4	fresh	Peter Keough	1	Boston Globe	20160310
"With a tagline that reads, ""You don't have to go to Texas for a chainsaw massacre,"" this Spanish-Italian entry into slasher film territory went on to achieve a dubious distinction as one of the most tasteless films ever produced. The bloodshed opens in 1942 with a scene of a little boy axing his mother after her discovery of him piecing together a puzzle of a nude girl. Cut to 42 years later and the little ax-man has moved on to chainsaws as he begins buzzing coeds on the campus of a New England college. Police Lieutenant Bracken (Christopher George) and his partner arrive to investigate. They find a trail of dismembered bodies that happen to be missing some parts and a group of suspects including a shady dean of students (Edmund Purdom), an anatomy professor (Jack Taylor), and a monstrous caretaker (Paul Smith). Led by beautiful undercover cop Mary Riggs (Lynda Day-George) and student-stud Kendall (Ian Sera), the investigation leads everyone to the killer, who has just finished adding the final pieces to his human jigsaw puzzle."	R	Horror			19830923	20000615	Fans of the genre will find much to enjoy in this knowingly silly exercise in day-glo splatter.	3/5	fresh	Christopher Machell	0	CineVue	20170403
The ingredients of an archetypal southern town (the blues, catfish, and scrabble), a deliciously chosen cast, and the creative skills of Robert Altman make for a wonderfully engaging film that adds to the accolades that have distinguished his outstanding career. Delectably combining farce, moral passion play, and social drama with a soupcon of mystery/suspense, Altman drives us to his grandly executed finale with a constantly inventive comedic theatricality. Generations of the Orcutt family have inhabited the sleepy Mississippi town of Holly Springs. Headed by the aging Jewel Mae (Pat Neal), and composed of her two nieces, the domineering Camille (Glenn Close) and the somewhat-mindless Cora (Julianne Moore), and Cora's rebellious daughter (Liv Tyler), only recently returned home, the family is a fairly dysfunctional lot. The nieces basically ignore their aunt, and the mother and daughter avoid speaking to each other. Jewel is watched over by her middle-aged black caretaker (Charles Dutton), but she misses her recently departed husband, Buck, and contemplates joining him in the hereafter. When Jewel finally decides to pull the trigger, Camille stumbles into the situation and plots a coverup that rapidly spins out of control. Close is near perfect as the singleminded southern dame who brooks no interference with her willful desires, whether she's directing the town's Easter play, Salome, or pushing her way through police tape. The police chief and deputies, out-of-town investigators, and a stately patrician lawyer are the final touches in an exuberant allegory that is simultaneously touching, contemporary, and delightfully cathartic.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Robert Altman	Anne Rapp	19990402	20010501	"The problem with a story that relies almost exclusively on small talk is that they don't call it ""small"" talk for nothing."	2/4	rotten	Steve Rhodes	0	Internet Reviews	20000101
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	"Still Alice"" is much too clear-eyed to hold out false hope, but it's a moving testimonial to going down with grace."	3/4	fresh	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20150122
In this stop-motion animated comedy set in prehistoric times, a tribe of primitive hunters are displaced from their homes by emissaries from a distant empire that has mastered bronze-making. However, a tribesman named Dug (voice of Eddie Redmayne) tries to win his home back by challenging the invaders to a game of soccer. Directed by Nick Park, best known as the creator of the beloved animated duo Wallace and Gromit. Tom Hiddleston, Maisie Williams, Timothy Spall, and Richard Ayoade also lend their voices.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Nick Park	Mark Burton|James Higginson	20180216	20180522	As always, Park is delightfully absurd with his stop-motion tomfoolery, although the story by Mark Burton and James Higginson only occasionally reaches the heights of Aardman films past.	2.5/4	fresh	Peter Howell	1	Toronto Star	20180215
"The grim futility of the war between Bosnia and Serbia is reduced to its essence as two enemy soldiers are forced to share a wary trust for one another in this drama. A group of Bosnian soldiers are advancing upon Serbian territory during a misty night when the fog lifts at daybreak, making them plainly visible to their enemy. Serb forces open fire upon them, and soon only Chiki (Brancko Djuric) is still alive, after diving into a trench in no man's land. Two Serbian soldiers scouting the area set up a land mine using the body of a Bosnian soldier as ""bait;"" if moved, the mine will jump into the air and explode. Chiki watches as the soldiers set the trap, and furious at the disrespect to his fallen comrades, he kills one of the Serbs, and takes the other, Nino (Rene Bitorajac), hostage. With both soldiers alone and equally armed, they find themselves at a stalemate, and begin trying to attract help from either side. Eventually, the two men are found by a squadron of French soldiers attached to a U.N. peacekeeping unit; now held by supposedly neutral forces, Chiki and Nino are with the French troops when it's discovered that the dead Bosnian soldier isn't dead after all, though no one is sure how to disarm the mine without killing him in the process. No Man's Land was the debut feature from Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanovic."	R	Art House and International Drama	Danis Tanovic	Danis Tanovic	20011221	20020409	A story told simply, with a dose of mordant humor that starkly puts its points across.	4/4	fresh	Pam Grady	0	Reel.com	20011207
"The first person the audience sees in Ship of Fools is dwarf Michael Dunn, who speaks to viewers directly and acts as a Greek chorus throughout the film. It begins on the deck of an ocean liner travelling from Vera Cruz to Bremerhaven. The time is the 1930s, so close and yet so far from war. The cross-section of humanity on board includes ship's doctor Oscar Werner, Spanish political activist Simone Signoret, aging coquette Vivien Leigh, hedonistic baseball player Lee Marvin, philosophical Jew Heinz Ruhmann, a smattering of pro- and anti-Hitlerites (Jose Ferrer plays the nastiest and most vocal ""pro"") and young lovers George Segal and Elizabeth Ashley. Yes, it's Grand Hotel at sea, a feast for stargazers and an endurance test for those who aren't comfortable with non-stop speechmaking. Despite such lines as ""What can the Nazis do? Kill all six million of us?,"" Ship of Fools manages to stay afloat throughout its 148 minutes. Michael Dunn was nominated for an Academy Award for his interlocutory characterization; the rest of the performances range from brilliant to merely filling up the room. Other Oscars were presented to cinematographer Ernest Lazslo and to the art-direction staff. Ship of Fools was adapted by Abby Mann from the novel by Katharine Ann Porter."	NR	Classics Documentary Drama Romance	Stanley Kramer	Abby Mann	19650729	20031202	It makes for OK drama all the same, but it's all on the heavy-handed side. Well, subtlety was never Kramer's strong suit.	4/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20020807
Take out the trash, eat your broccoli-who needs moms, anyway? Nine-year-old Milo (Seth Green) finds out just how much he needs his mom (Joan Cusack) when she's nabbed by Martians who plan to steal her mom-ness for their own young. Produced by the team behind Disney's A Christmas Carol and The Polar Express, Mars Needs Moms showcases Milo's quest to save his mom-a wild adventure in 3D that involves stowing away on a spaceship, navigating an elaborate, multi-level planet and taking on the alien nation and their leader (Mindy Sterling). With the help of a tech-savvy, underground earthman named Gribble (Dan Fogler) and a rebel Martian girl called Ki (Elisabeth Harnois), Milo just might find his way back to his mom-in more ways than one. Based on the Book by Berkeley Breathed. -- (C) Disney	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Science Fiction and Fantasy	Simon Wells	Simon Wells|Wendy Wells	20110311	20110809	"Mars Needs Moms"" is only consistent in that it's a mess."	D	rotten	Christopher Smith	0	Bangor Daily News (Maine)	20110319
Titanic shipmates Kathy Bates, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Kate Winslet step onboard for director Sam Mendes' tale of suburban malaise in 1950s-era Connecticut. Adapted from the classic 1961 novel by author Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road tells the tale of a young Connecticut couple whose once-idealistic relationship steadily deteriorates into a ceaseless cycle of petty jealousy and bickering as they strive to retain their independence in the conformity-obsessed world of picket fences and perfectly manicured lawns. Ever since they first met, Frank (DiCaprio) and April (Winslet) saw themselves as special and different. They strive to form their relationship around higher ideals, though upon moving into their new home on Revolutionary Road, the defiant couple pledges never to be confined by the social conventions of the era. As time passes, however, Frank and April gradually become the very thing that they both feared most -- a typical suburban family complete with abandoned dreams and faded hopes. Frank loses his nerve after taking a comfortable job with a reliable salary, and April morphs into an unsatisfied homemaker desperate for passion and excitement. But April's independent spirit hasn't been suffocated just yet, and when she hatches a plan to head for Paris, her need to escape at all costs stands in direct contrast to Frank's desire to hold on to what they already have.	R	Drama	Sam Mendes	Justin Haythe	20081215	20090602	Another gem from director Sam Mendes about suburbanites who lead lives of quiet desperation.	B+	fresh	Harvey S. Karten	0	Compuserve	20081202
A tortured man finds himself caught in a middle-ground between hallucination and reality in this supernatural thriller, scripted by Bruce Joel Rubin of Ghost (1990) and My Life (1993). Jacob Singer (Tim Robbins) is a soldier stationed in Vietnam who undergoes a traumatic experience on the battlefield - the nature of which is initially unclear. The film then moves into his post-Vietnam experience in 1970s New York, where he feels consistently traumatized, but can never quite remember exactly what happened to him in Southeast Asia or to free himself from his anxieties over the recent tragic death of his young son (Macaulay Culkin). Though well educated, Jacob works as a letter carrier for the U.S. Postal Service and has become romantically involved with one of his co-workers, Jezzie (Elizabeth Pena), after divorcing his wife. Soon, Jacob's tenuous hold on reality starts to slip as horrifying events befall him; he is nearly run over by a subway train, pursued by faceless demons in cars, and spots reptilian tails and horns protruding from the bodies of those he encounters. Jacob also suffers severe panic attacks related to the chaos that may be reality, or may exist only in his mind. He seeks counsel from Louis (Danny Aiello), a kindly chiropractor, as his ex-wife Sarah (Patricia Kalember), fellow Vietnam vet Paul (Pruitt Taylor Vince), and enigmatic stranger Michael (Matt Craven) all try to help the tortured soul. Jason Alexander, Ving Rhames and Eriq LaSalle highlight the supporting cast.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Adrian Lyne	Bruce Joel Rubin|Joel Blasberg	19901102	20100914	This is a well-made film with excellent performances by Robbins, Pena and Aiello.	3/4	fresh	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20030323
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in Miami...and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal, saving themselves not only from losing Dave but possibly from gaining a terrible stepbrother. (C) Fox	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Walt Becker		20151218	20160315	Let's just get it out of the way right now: Reader, I liked it.	3/5	fresh	Katherine Pushkar	1	New York Daily News	20151216
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	Under a less masterful hand, you'd be dying for a fistfight, a sex scene or a gunshot to shatter the calm. But Koreeda makes thrilling the rich inner lives of four young women trying to navigate rocky emotional terrain in the wake of their father's death.	4/5	fresh	Barbara VanDenburgh	1	Arizona Republic	20160818
Stewart Kane, an Irishman living in the Australian town of Jindabyne, is on a fishing trip in isolated hill country with three other men when they discover the body of a murdered girl in the river. Rather than return to the town immediately, they continue fishing and report their gruesome find days later. Stewart's wife Claire is the last to find out. Deeply disturbed by her husband's actions, her faith in her relationship with Stewart is shaken to the core. She wants to understand and tries to make things right. In her determination to help the victim's family Claire sets herself not only against her own family and friends but also those of the dead girl. Her marriage is taken to the brink and her peaceful life with Stewart and their young son hangs in the balance.	R	Drama	Ray Lawrence	Raymond Carver|Beatrix Christian	20060427	20071002	Jindabyne is wonderfully acted by Laura Linney and Gabriel Byrne, two first-rate performers working close to the bone and concerned foremost with making an audience understand their characters, as opposed to merely liking them.	3/4	fresh	Michael Phillips	1	Chicago Tribune	20070503
"This delightfully vulgar sex farce about infidelity and mistaken identity features Dean Martin as ""Dino,"" an alcoholic playboy musician who falls for the charming wife of an aspiring songwriter."	PG-13	Classics Comedy Romance	Billy Wilder		19641222	20030715		4/5	fresh	Lori Hoffman	0	Atlantic City Weekly	20060817
One woman's rocky road to the altar gets played for laughs in this comedy, adapted from the one-woman off-Broadway show written by and starring Nia Vardalos. Toula (Vardalos) is a Greek-American woman who is in her early thirties and single, with no immediate prospects of changing that status any time soon. This bothers Toula a bit, but not half as much as it distresses her mother (Lainie Kazan) and father (Michael Constantine), who want to send her to Greece in hopes of finding a husband in the old country. Toula isn't interested in leaving the country to find a man, but since she works in the family business -- a Greek restaurant in Chicago called Dancing Zorba's -- she has to hear about it whether she likes it or not. One day, after seeing a handsome stranger in the restaurant and not having the courage to talk to him, Toula decides she needs a bit of self-improvement. Despite her dad's misgivings, Toula signs up for a night-school class studying computers, trades in her glasses for contact lenses, gets a different job at a travel agency, and spruces herself up with a new look and a new attitude. To her very pleasant surprise, she once again encounters the handsome stranger, who soon asks her out on a date. Schoolteacher Ian Miller (John Corbett) is seemingly perfect -- he's tall, handsome, smart, good-natured, and soon in love with Toula -- except for two little things: he's not Greek, and he's a vegetarian, both of which horrify Toula's family. When Ian pops the question (and Toula says yes), the bride-to-be has to negotiate a reasonably peaceful meeting between Ian's upper-class parents and her own working-class extended family. There's also the matter of the wedding, which Toula's mother is planning around the notion that quantity IS quality. My Big Fat Greek Wedding also features Ian Gomez (Vardalos' real-life husband), Louis Mandylor, Andrea Martin, and Joey Fatone (from the pop group	PG	Comedy Romance	Joel Zwick	Nia Vardalos	20020419	20030211	It's a sweet, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth.	4/4	fresh	Phil Villarreal	0	Arizona Daily Star	20020607
This is director Frank Capra's classic bittersweet comedy/drama about George Bailey (James Stewart), the eternally-in-debt guiding force of a bank in the typical American small town of Bedford Falls. As the film opens, it's Christmas Eve, 1946, and George, who has long considered himself a failure, faces financial ruin and arrest and is seriously contemplating suicide. High above Bedford Falls, two celestial voices discuss Bailey's dilemma and decide to send down eternally bumbling angel Clarence Oddbody (Henry Travers), who after 200 years has yet to earn his wings, to help George out. But first, Clarence is given a crash course on George's life, and the multitude of selfless acts he has performed: rescuing his younger brother from drowning, losing the hearing in his left ear in the process; enduring a beating rather than allow a grieving druggist (H.B. Warner) to deliver poison by mistake to an ailing child; foregoing college and a long-planned trip to Europe to keep the Bailey Building and Loan from letting its Depression-era customers down; and, most important, preventing town despot Potter (Lionel Barrymore) from taking over Bedford Mills and reducing its inhabitants to penury. Along the way, George has married his childhood sweetheart Mary (Donna Reed), who has stuck by him through thick and thin. But even the love of Mary and his children are insufficient when George, faced with an	PG	Classics Comedy Drama Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Frank Capra	Frank Capra|Frances Goodrich|Albert Hackett	19461225	19950919	"The film's entire premise can be summed up with a bit of text from the film: ""Remember, George: no man is a failure who has friends."	4/4	fresh	Wesley Lovell	0	Cinema Sight	20050417
In this animated futuristic tale, a pair of twins must fight for domination of what is left of the world, the good man using the powers of magic in an attempt to save the Earth, and the evil twin taking advantage of the horrors of technology that again threaten to destroy everything.	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ralph Bakshi	Ralph Bakshi	19770209	20040525	poorly written, and worse, it's ugly to look at	1.5/4	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20010227
Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. The heroes embark upon a harrowing mission to save the world. To infiltrate the terrorist network, Team America recruits Gary Johnston, a rising star on Broadway to go undercover. Although initially reluctant to sacrifice his promising career, Gary realizes that his acting gift is needed for a higher cause. With the help of Team America leader Spotswoode and fellow members Chris, Sarah, Lisa and Joe, Gary slips into an arms dealer's hideout where he discovers that the terrorists' plot has already begun to unfold. From the pyramids of Cairo to the Panama Canal and finally to the palace of power-mad dictator Kim Jong-Il, Team America criss-crosses the globe on a desperate mission to preserve the very fabric of civilization.	R	Comedy Drama	Trey Parker	Trey Parker|Matt Stone|Pam Brady	20041011	20050517	So what if the political satire is as thin as wax paper?...In the end, the gleeful action, absurd silliness and crude pleasures outweigh the film's weaknesses.	3/5	fresh	Uri Lessing	0	www.kcactive.com	20050725
"Six people are inexplicably imprisoned in a booby-trapped system of boxes, with no hope and fewer means of escape. A high-tech masochist's ""Lifeboat."""	R	Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Vincenzo Natali	Andre Bijelic|Vincenzo Natali|Graeme Manson|Graem Mansone	19980911	20030415	Cube is one of those rare films that make you itch uncomfortably on the inside.	9/10	fresh	MaryAnn Johanson	0	Flick Filosopher	20000101
Sarah Jessica Parker, Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Olivia Munn and Christina Hendricks star in I Don't Know How She Does It, a comedy from director Douglas McGrath (Emma, Infamous) and producer Donna Gigliotti (The Reader, Let Me In). Based on the critically acclaimed bestseller by Allison Pearson, I Don't Know How She Does It follows a Boston-based working mother trying desperately to juggle marriage, children, and a high-stress job. -- (C) Weinstein	PG-13	Comedy	Douglas McGrath	Aline Brosh McKenna	20110916	20120103	How nice it would have been had McKenna penned a couple of those audience-addressing interludes for Richard or Jack. What would these modern, succesful men tell us of themselves?	2/4	rotten	Lisa Kennedy	1	Denver Post	20110916
Director John Woo brings Hong Kong-style martial arts action to this comic book-flavored sequel that eschews the complicated plot and political maneuverings of its predecessor in favor of pure, adrenaline-charged thrills. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, an operative for the top-secret government agency IMF (Impossible Missions Force). Fellow agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott) has gone rogue, stealing a sample of a deadly synthetic virus named Chimera that could rapidly wipe out the world's population. Ambrose's plan is to sell Chimera to the highest bidder in exchange for shares of stock in the winner's company. Summoned by the new IMF chief (Anthony Hopkins in an uncredited cameo role), Ethan is assigned to recruit the help of Ambrose's former lover Nyah Nordoff-Hall (Thandie Newton), a gorgeous woman who left Ambrose broken-hearted and who may be able to quickly regain his confidence. Once he meets and spends a night with Nyah, however, Ethan is smitten, and now must both capture Ambrose and keep Nyah alive as she infiltrates a nest of vipers. Sophisticated disguises, gun battles, and high-speed chases are the order of the day, very much in the James Bond mold. Mission: Impossible 2 is based on a story by Star Trek: The Next Generation writers Ronald D. Moore and Brannon Braga, with a script polish by Robert Towne.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Woo	William Goldman|John Logan|David Marconi|Michael Tolkin|Robert Towne|Rick Berman	20001231	20001107	The movie plays better than its predecessor to audiences that are not turned off by human emotions.	B-	fresh	William Arnold	0	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	20000101
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	As long as the camera concentrates on Winslet and the haute couture, it is beautifully filmed fun.	4/5	fresh	Theresa Smith	0	Independent Online (South Africa)	20160302
"Kirk meets Picard and then meets his Maker in this installment of the Star Trek saga that features the casts from both the original Star Trek and The Next Generation series. The only important character missing from the story is Mr. Spock. The story begins as the original crew members of the ""Enterprise"" prepare to embark on the newest version of their ship as honored guests. Though the ship is not completely finished and her new crew is inexperienced, the voyage begins as planned. Unfortunately while cruising, they answer the distress calls of two cargo ships enmeshed in a sinuous ribbon of energy. The ship meets with disaster and Kirk ends up disappearing. Forty years later, the new ""Enterprise"" answers a similar distress call. This time they are successful and rescue Dr. Soran, the sole survivor. Soran is a mad scientist obsessed with the electrical space ribbon, The Nexus, which he believes induces the greatest joy. Soran will do anything to re-enter the Nexus. When he involves the ""Enterprise"" in his scheme, it is up to Picard to venture into the Nexus, find Kirk, and save his ship."	PG	Action and Adventure Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Carson		19941118	19981117	It would have, however, been nice if Generations would have gone beyond the scope of the television series to deliver something a bit more substantial.	2/4	rotten	Neil Martin	0	Palo Alto Weekly	20030520
While working in a small nation on the Caribbean, an American actor (Richard Dreyfuss) is convinced by the chief of police (Raul Julia) to impersonate the nation's dictator who has recently passed away. The actor really begins to enjoy the role after a while, thanks in part to the dictator's mistress (Sonia Braga).	PG-13	Comedy	Paul Mazursky	Paul Mazursky|Leon Capetanos	19880909	20040803	Dreyfuss tries hard ... and almost saves the whole darn thing.	2.5/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020727
"""Into the Blue"" is a high-stakes thriller set in the deep, shark-infested waters of the Bahamas. When young divers discover the wreckage of a cargo plane at the bottom of the sea, they believe their dream of buried treasure has come true. What they don't realize is that millions of dollars of illegal goods are in that sunken plane and a group of dangerous criminals are already desperately searching for it. As tensions mount and the friends begin to fight about what to do with their find, others get closer to discovering their secret -- and the treasure hunters quickly become the hunted."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Stockwell	Matt Johnson	20050930	20051226	Walker is supposed to be lured by the buried treasure, but the actor, wearing Brad Pitt's bristle cut, is like Pitt with his sexy appetite sucked out.	C	rotten	Owen Gleiberman	1	Entertainment Weekly	20050928
Stanley Kubrick's second film, Killer's Kiss was summed up by one influential critic as an experiment in esoterica. Filmed on a budget of	NR	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Stanley Kubrick		19550928	20010515		3/5	fresh	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20040624
Steven Spielberg's phenomenally successful sci-fi adventure thriller is graced by state-of-the-art special effects from the team of Stan Winston, Phil Tippett and Michael Lantieri from George Lucas's Industrial Light &amp; Magic. The film follows two dinosaur experts -- Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and Dr. Ellie Sattler Laura Dern) -- as they are invited by eccentric millionaire John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) to preview his new amusement park on an island off Costa Rica. By cloning DNA harvested from pre-historic insects, Hammond has been able to create living dinosaurs for his new Jurassic Park, an immense animal preserve housing real brachiosaurs, dilophosaurs, triceratops, velociraptors, and a Tyrannosaur Rex. Accompanied by cynical scientist Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum), who is obsessed with chaos theory, and Hammond's two grandchildren (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello), they are sent on a tour through Hammond's new resort in computer controlled touring cars. But as a tropical storm hits the island, knocking out the power supply, and an unscrupulous employee (Wayne Knight) sabotages the system so that he can smuggle dinosaur embryos out of the park, the dinosaurs start to rage out of control. Grant then has to bring Hammond's grandchildren back to safety as the group is pursued by the gigantic man-eating beasts.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Michael Crichton|David Koepp|Malia Scotch Marmo	19930611	20001010	The excitement of Jurassic Park is in Spielberg's sense of timing, with the scene of the kids trapped in a jeep watching a cup of water tremble now a classic moment of cinema.	4/5	fresh	Almar Haflidason	0	BBC.com	20000101
"A group of friends who are avid ""Star Wars"" fans travel west to see the Holy Grail of all sci-fi movies, ""Star Wars: Episode I."" The year is 1999 and for these death star dorks, the ""Star Wars"" films are more than just movies; they are a way of life. So, after one of the group takes sick, it is nothing short of a moral imperative that the friends break into George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch to watch the seminal sci-fi picture together before its release. Enlisting the help of an estranged friend, who has traded in his Darth Vader mask for a proper day job, the adventure lays way to some extremely funny situations, including an outrageous brawl with some hard-core Trekkies."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kyle Newman		20080731	20090519	...the film really only works in fits and starts...	2/4	rotten	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20090714
"Featuring an all-star comedy cast including Aubrey Plaza, Johnny Simmons, Bill Hader,Alia Shawkat, Sarah Steele, Rachel Bilson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, DonaldGlover, Scott Porter, Andy Samberg, Connie Britton and Clark Gregg, ""The To Do List"" is a comedy about close friends and a special summer project, loosely inspired by the real-life adventures of first-time writer/director Maggie Carey. Set in 1993, valedictorian Brandy Klark wants to shed her uptight image before college, so she assembles a to do list of all the ""activities"" she missed out on in high school. Quickly realizing that she's way out of her depth, Brandy solicits her best friends, older sister and burnt-out boss for their help and advice. If the group is going to complete the list by September they'll need plenty of imagination and very open minds. (c) CBS Films"	R	Comedy	Maggie Carey	Maggie Carey	20130726	20131119	Nothing about this lackluster comedy's potentially rich conceit is handled in an emotionally honest or resonant manner.	C-	rotten	Brent Simon	0	Shared Darkness	20130726
"BLEED FOR THIS is the incredible true story of one of the most inspiring and unlikely comebacks in sports history. Miles Teller (Whiplash, Divergent) stars as Vinny ""The Pazmanian Devil"" Pazienza, a local Providence boxer who shot to stardom after winning two world title fights. After a near-fatal car accident leaves Vinny with a broken neck, he is told he may never walk again. Against all odds and doctor's orders, renowned trainer Kevin Rooney (Aaron Eckhart) agrees to help Vinny return to the ring just a year after the accident for what could be the last fight of his life."	R	Drama Sports and Fitness	Ben Younger	Ben Younger	20161118	20170214	Even though the outcome is no secret, you're still invested in Vinny every step and jab of the way. 	B+	fresh	Dana Barbuto	0	The Patriot Ledger	20161120
"In this sequel to ""Daddy Day Care"" dads Charlie Hinton and Phil Ryerson take over running a summer day camp. Armed with no knowledge of the great outdoors, a dilapidated facility, and a motley group of campers, it doesn't take long before things get out of control. Up against threats of foreclosure and declining enrollment, Charlie is forced to call on his estranged father, Col. Buck Hinton to help bring the camp together and teach everyone about teamwork, perseverance and the power of forgiveness."	PG	Comedy	Fred Savage		20070808	20080129	Its humor derives from the campers' toilet and digestive tract malfunctions - truly tedious, except, perhaps, for matinee moppets with indulgent parents.	2/10	rotten	Susan Granger	0	www.susangranger.com	20070808
A thief and a lawman join forces to hunt down a common enemy in this action thriller. Tony Fait (DMX) is a master thief who, along with his crew (Gabrielle Union, Anthony Anderson, and Drag-On), pulls off a major score when they steal a cache of highly valuable black diamonds. However, the hard-as-nails Tony has a soft spot for his young daughter Vanessa (Paige Hurd), and Ling (Mark Dacascos), a former detective turned ruthless criminal, kidnaps Vanessa, demanding a ransom from Tony for her return -- the stash of black diamonds. The jewels have already been stolen, however, from Tony's fence Archie (Tom Arnold), and are now in the hands of a powerful underworld boss (Chi McBride). Determined to get back his daughter whatever the cost, Tony and his gang set out to find both Ling and the diamonds, but he soon gets some invaluable help from an unlikely corner -- Su (Jet Li), a government agent from Taiwan who was once Ling's partner, and has an old score to settle with him. Cradle 2 the Grave also features Kelly Hu and Roxana Brusso.	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Andrzej Bartkowiak		20030228	20030812	The problem with an action hero who banks largely on the extent to which he thinks things are boring is that, after a certain point, the audience will agree.	0/4	rotten	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20030226
"Stressed out LA detective John Berlin gets too near the edge following the destruction of his marriage and decides to leave the violence an un-ending hub-bub of the big city and take a job in the supposedly quiet northern tow of Eureka. Unfortunately, he isn't there long before he finds himself obsessed with pursuing a serial killer with a thing for blind young women. The case isn't new and Berlin's old-time buddy, Freddy Ross and his boys have spent the last six months investigating a string of seven murders. They have dubbed the case ""Jennifer 8"" because Berlin is positive that he knows the identity of the next victim. She is beautiful blind student Helena Robertson, the roommate of the latest victim. As he steps up his investigation, Berlin finds himself falling for Helena. Meanwhile, he has become so obsessed with finding the killer that pal Ross begins worrying that Berlin is having a breakdown and so goes with him on a late night surveillance of Helena's school. A tragedy ensues leaving Berlin to not only go it alone, but also to clear his own name."	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bruce Robinson	Bruce Robinson	19921106	20000411	A solid thriller, let down by the questionable decision to reveal the killer way too early. 	3/5	fresh	Matthew Pejkovic	0	Matt's Movie Reviews	20100706
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the first film in Columbia Pictures' three-picture adaptation of Stieg Larsson's literary blockbuster The Millennium Trilogy. Directed by David Fincher and starring Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara, the film is based on the first novel in the trilogy, which altogether have sold 50 million copies in 46 countries and become a worldwide phenomenon. -- (C) Sony	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Fincher	Steven Zaillian	20111220	20120320	Streamlining Larsson's clunky storytelling, Zaillan injects a welcome streak of humour into events, giving Craig - and the rest of the superb cast - a chance to be both funny and icily ominous.	4/5	fresh	Ivan Radford	0	CineVue	20181205
Soon after a rising young singer-songwriter (Hedlund) gets involved with a fallen, emotionally unstable country star (Paltrow), the pair embarks on a career resurrection tour helmed by her husband/manager (McGraw) and featuring a beauty-queen-turned-singer (Meester). Between concerts, romantic entanglements and old demons threaten to derail them all. -- (C) Columbia	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Shana Feste	Shana Feste	20110107	20110412	If not for the music, Country Strong would barely be a wimper at your neighborhood multiplex.	1.5/5	rotten	Elias Savada	0	Film Threat	20110108
"Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven, the long-awaited follow-up to his 1973 debut Badlands, confirmed his reputation as a visual poet and narrative iconoclast with a story of love and murder told through the jaded voice of a child and expressive images of nature. In 1916, Chicago steelworker Bill (Richard Gere, stepping in for John Travolta) flees to Texas with his little sister Linda (Linda Manz) and girlfriend Abby (Brooke Adams) after fatally erupting at his boss. Along with other itinerant laborers, they work the harvest at a wealthy, ailing farmer's ranch, but the farmer (playwright Sam Shepard) falls in love with Abby, and, believing her to be Bill's sister, asks the three to stay on at his elysian spread. Seeing it as his one real chance to escape perpetual poverty, Bill urges Abby to marry the sick man. Marriage, however, has more restorative powers, and the farmer has more magnetism, than Bill had planned. ""Nobody's perfect,"" Linda impassively observes in one of her many voiceovers, after their brief paradise is erased by plagues of locusts, fire, and lethal jealousy."	PG	Drama	Terrence Malick	Terrence Malick	19780913	19990330	One of those grand ol' classics you just have to see	3/5	fresh	Clint Morris	0	Moviehole	20050323
"Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (""The Fault in Our Stars""), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox"	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	With a simple storyline that can be slow at times, Cara Delevingne's new movie will earn a place in the hearts of teenage filmgoers. But it doesn't offer the same emotional punch as The Fault In Our Stars.	6/10	fresh	Georgia Morgan	0	Liverpool Echo	20151230
A dating doctor claims that with his services he can match anyone with their soulmate in just three dates. When a jaded tabloid journalist sets out to expose him as a scam artist, the two find themselves falling in love.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Andrew Tennant|Andy Tennant	Kevin Bisch	20050211	20050614	What this comedy lacks in cleverness or originality it more than makes up for with charm.	3/5	fresh	Rich Cline	0	Shadows on the Wall	20050226
Vin Diesel opted to not appear in the sequel to the film the shot him to stardom in the first place, The Fast and the Furious. With the character of Dominic Toretto out of the picture, 2 Fast 2 Furious concentrates exclusively on the latest exploits of undercover agent Brian O'Connor, played by Paul Walker. In addition, with director Rob Cohen passing, producers have added a dash of credibility to the sequel by hiring John Singleton to helm. What does completely remain from the first film is the presence of fast-living underground street-racing gangs. Moving from Los Angeles to Miami, O'Connor is looking to redeem himself after the events of the first movie, so he again goes undercover to infiltrate another group of thuggish car enthusiasts. This time around he's enlisted the help of ex-con Roman Pierce (Tyrese) and fellow agent Monica Celemente (Eva Mendes) to bring down Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), an importer/exporter who heads up a massive drug trafficking operation. Heading up the supporting cast are hip-hop stars Ludacris and Fabolous.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Singleton	Gary Scott Thompson|Derek Haas|Michael Brandt	20030606	20030930	It's not every movie that would announce its shortcomings right in its title.	1/5	rotten	Jay Boyar	1	Orlando Sentinel	20030606
A man who writes the book on ending a romance runs into rough sledding while starting a new one in this comedy. Quincy (Jamie Foxx) is a magazine editor whose life takes an unexpected turn for the worse when his fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Daniel Taplitz	Daniel Taplitz	20040514	20041012	It's all incredibly routine fare, borrowing as much from the old Doris Day and Rock Hudson comedies as from their numerous knockoffs.	2/5	rotten	Wade Major	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20040514
"A group of college students embarks on a wild, sexy and outrageous semester abroad at Razvan University. Located deep in the heart of the ""cursed land"" of Transylvania in a centuries-old castle, Razvan isn't your typical institution of higher learning. The black leather-clad professors, three-foot-tall dean, instruction in crucifix-wielding, and topless vampiresses lurking in dark corners are just the start. It seems Castle Razvan was the property of the feared Vampire King Radu in the Dark Ages and he's come back to reclaim it."	R	Comedy	David Hillenbrand|Scott Hillenbrand	"Patrick Casey|Joshua ""Worm"" Miller"	20091204	20100427	"One laugh -- Vampires, stuffed in their coffins on a horse-drawn wagon, whining to the driver -- ""Are ve DERE yet?"	1/4	rotten	Roger Moore	1	Orlando Sentinel	20091204
"Welcome to Mooseport. The sleepy Maine community has all the accoutrements of idyllic small town life: a little park and gazebo, quaint architecture, a moose that wanders through the streets, and lots of friendly townsfolk, including the proprietor of the local hardware store, Handy Harrison and his veterinarian girlfriend Sally. Mooseport also just happens to be the vacation home for the leader of the free world: Monroe ""Eagle"" Cole, the President of the United States. Following two successful terms, the wildly popular President is ready to retire to his ""Mooseport White House,"" publish his memoirs and embark on a series of lucrative speaking engagements. But Eagle's retirement is delayed when the folks of Mooseport convince the former President to run for Mayor. At the same time, he sparks to Sally--unaware that she is Handy's girlfriend. So, when a jealous Handy announces HIS candidacy for mayor, Eagle is dumbfounded. Handy, in turn, sees himself in a race for Mayor and boyfriend. As the campaign kicks into high gear, things get even wilder in this once quiet town."	PG-13	Comedy	Donald Petrie	Doug Richardson|Tom Schulman	20040220	20040525	About as middle of the road as comedies get.	2/5	rotten	Chris Barsanti	0	Film Threat	20040219
Embrace of the Serpent features the encounter, apparent betrayal and finally life-affirming friendship between an Amazonian shaman (the last survivor of his people) and two foreign scientists.	NR	Action and Adventure Art House and International	Ciro Guerra	Ciro Guerra|Jacques Toulemonde Vidal	20160217	20160621	Throughout, the fragility of the native cultures and of the rain-forest environment that is their home is underscored by Guerra in this fascinating, melancholy movie.	3/4	fresh	Soren Andersen	1	Seattle Times	20160310
Between giving up his super powers, confronting criminals from outer space, and having problems with his girlfriend, it's a bad time to be the Man of Steel in this sequel to the 1978 blockbuster. When terrorists threaten to destroy Paris with a thermonuclear device as they hold reporter Lois Lane (Margot Kidder) hostage, Superman (Christopher Reeve) comes to the rescue and flings the weapon into space. However, its blast outside the earth's orbit awakens Zod (Terence Stamp), Ursa (Sarah Douglas), and Non (Jack O'Halloran), three villains from Superman's home planet of Krypton who were exiled to outer space for their crimes. Zod and his partners arrive on Earth and use their powers in a bid to take over the U.S., and then the world. However, when Lois realizes that mild mannered Clark Kent and Superman are actually the same person, he brings her to his Fortress of Solitude, where his decision to marry Lois costs him his remarkable strength. Without his super powers, how can Superman vanquish Zod and save the world? Gene Hackman, Ned Beatty, Susannah York, and Jackie Cooper return from the first film, which was shot at the same time as parts of the sequel.	PG	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Lester|Richard Donner	Mario Puzo|David Newman|Leslie Newman	19810619	20010501	Aside from some unfortunate slapstick, it's a truly spectacular superhero sequel.	5/5	fresh	Luke Y. Thompson	0	New Times	20050203
When a one-night stand that should have stayed that way has unexpected consequences, the reluctant odd couple attempts to transform their tentative relationship into a lasting love in this conception comedy. Twenty-four-year-old entertainment journalist Alison Scott (Katherine Heigl) is on the fast track to the big time, but an alcohol-fueled hookup with responsibility-shirking slacker Ben Stone (Seth Rogen) finds her professional priorities taking a back seat to having a baby.	R	Comedy Romance	Judd Apatow	Judd Apatow	20070601	20070925	...the latest movie in one of the odder hybrid genres: the cross between the romantic comedy and the gross-out fratboy farce.	2.5/4	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20070601
Stephen Somers wrote and directed this	R	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Stephen Sommers	Stephen Sommers	19980130	19981013		6/10	fresh	Dragan Antulov	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20041013
Vin Diesel opted to not appear in the sequel to the film the shot him to stardom in the first place, The Fast and the Furious. With the character of Dominic Toretto out of the picture, 2 Fast 2 Furious concentrates exclusively on the latest exploits of undercover agent Brian O'Connor, played by Paul Walker. In addition, with director Rob Cohen passing, producers have added a dash of credibility to the sequel by hiring John Singleton to helm. What does completely remain from the first film is the presence of fast-living underground street-racing gangs. Moving from Los Angeles to Miami, O'Connor is looking to redeem himself after the events of the first movie, so he again goes undercover to infiltrate another group of thuggish car enthusiasts. This time around he's enlisted the help of ex-con Roman Pierce (Tyrese) and fellow agent Monica Celemente (Eva Mendes) to bring down Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), an importer/exporter who heads up a massive drug trafficking operation. Heading up the supporting cast are hip-hop stars Ludacris and Fabolous.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Singleton	Gary Scott Thompson|Derek Haas|Michael Brandt	20030606	20030930	...ultimately doesn't fare as well as its mediocre predecessor...	2/4	rotten	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20070721
When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a contemporary Southwestern setting.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joel Coen|Ethan Coen	Ethan Coen|Joel Coen	20071121	20090407	Like The Crying Game, Pulp Fiction and other films that shift paradigms in mid-stream, there's more happening than meets the eye....Stark and spare, it's often a gasp-inducing, armrest-clutching experience.	A	fresh	Gabriel Shanks	0	Modern Fabulousity	20071025
A disturbing videotape appears to hold the power of life and death over those who view it in this offbeat thriller. A strange videotape begins making the rounds in a town in the Pacific Northwest; it is full of bizarre and haunting images, and after watching it, many viewers receive a telephone call in which they are warned they will die in seven days. A handful of teenagers who watched the tape while spending a weekend at a cabin in the mountains scoff at the threat, but as predicted, they all die suddenly on the same night. Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), the aunt of one of the ill-fated teens, is a journalist who has decided to investigate the matter and travels West with her young son, Aidan (David Dorfman), a troubled child who has been drawing pictures of strange and ominous visions. Rachel managed to find the cabin in the woods and watches the video herself; afterward, she receives the same phone call, and realizes she must solve the puzzle of the video and the person or persons behind it within a week. Rachel turns to her ex, Noah (Martin Henderson), an expert in video technology, who at first is convinced the story is a hoax until he digs deeper into the mystery. The Ring was adapted from a 1996 Japanese film by Hideo Nakata, which became a massive box-office success in Asia and spawned two sequels.	PG-13	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense Romance	Gore Verbinski	Ehren Kruger	20021018	20030304	Gothic frights and supernatural spookiness make this a stylish guilty pleasure.	3/5	fresh	Boo Allen	0	Denton Record-Chronicle	20021018
"Unlimited funds have allowed Diana (McCarthy) to live it up on the outskirts of Miami, where the queen of retail buys whatever strikes her fancy. There's only one glitch: The ID she's using to finance these sprees reads ""Sandy Bigelow Patterson""....and it belongs to an accounts rep (Bateman) who lives halfway across the U.S. With only one week to hunt down the con artist before his world implodes, the real Sandy Bigelow Patterson heads south to confront the woman with an all-access pass to his life. And as he attempts to bribe, coax and wrangle her the 2,000 miles to Denver, one easy target will discover just how tough it is to get your name back. -- (C) Official Site"	R	Comedy	Seth Gordon	Craig Mazin	20130207	20130604	Bateman and McCarthy seem inspired enough to make this janky old jalopy of a story somewhat entertaining, playing to type with a lukewarm script.	2.5/4	rotten	John Serba	0	MLive.com	20130605
Journalist Jep Gambardella (the dazzling Toni Servillo, Il divo and Gomorrah) has charmed and seduced his way through the lavish nightlife of Rome for decades. Since the legendary success of his one and only novel, he has been a permanent fixture in the city's literary and social circles, but when his sixty-fifth birthday coincides with a shock from the past, Jep finds himself unexpectedly taking stock of his life, turning his cutting wit on himself and his contemporaries, and looking past the extravagant nightclubs, parties, and caf	NR	Comedy Drama	Paolo Sorrentino	Paolo Sorrentino|Umberto Contarello	20131115	20140325	A riotous film that finds depth, clarity and refreshment in even the shallowest of pools.	3.5/4	fresh	Peter Howell	1	Toronto Star	20140130
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	"Despite McDonagh's cinematic hyperbole, it's the strength of the performances from McDormand, Harrelson and Rockwell that keeps ""Three Billboards"" sturdily anchored in a compellingly rendered reality."	3.5/5	fresh	Cary Darling	1	Houston Chronicle	20171123
The last thing the two Savage siblings ever wanted to do was look back on their undeniably dysfunctional family legacy. Wendy is a self-medicating struggling East Village playwright, AKA a temp who spends her days applying for grants and stealing office supplies, dating her very married neighbor. Jon is an obsessive compulsive college professor writing obscure books on even more obscure subjects in Buffalo who still can't commit to his girlfriend after four years even though her cooking brings him tears of joy. Then, out of the blue, comes the call that changes everything. They're told that the father they have long feared and avoided, Lenny Savage, has lost his marbles. And, there is no one to help him but his kids. Now, as they put the middle of their already arrested lives on hold, Wendy and Jon must live together under one roof for the first time since childhood, soon rediscovering the eccentricities that drove each other crazy. Faced with complete upheaval and the ultimate sibling rivalry battle over how to handle their father's final days, they are forced to face the past and finally start to realize what adulthood, family and, most surprisingly, each other are really about.	R	Comedy Drama	Tamara Jenkins	Tamara Jenkins	20071128	20080422	So darned depressing in its observancy that it's no stretch to assume that writer/director Jenkins might have experienced something entirely similar first hand.	3/4	fresh	David N. Butterworth	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20071218
This drama is adapted from the autobiography of comedy writer Jerry Stahl. Stahl's	R	Documentary Drama	David Veloz	David Veloz	19980916	19990223		B-	fresh	Bryant Frazer	0	Bryant Frazer's Deep Focus	20000101
On the eve of graduating law school, Veronica Mars has put Neptune and her amateur sleuthing days behind her. While interviewing at high-end New York law firms, Veronica Mars gets a call from her ex-boyfriend Logan who has been accused of murder. Veronica heads back to Neptune just to help Logan find an attorney, but when things don't seem right with how Logan's case is perceived and handled, Veronica finds herself being pulled back into a life she thought she had left behind. (c) Official Site	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20140314	20140506	The fan-funded revival of Rob Thomas's much-loved teen-PI series proves more footnote than fresh start.	2/5	rotten	Mike McCahill	0	Guardian	20140313
"It's 1969, and Elliot Tiber, a down-on-his-luck interior designer in Greenwich Village, New York, has to move back upstate to help his parents run their dilapidated Catskills motel, The El Monaco. The bank's about to foreclose; his father wants to burn the place down, but hasn't paid the insurance; and Elliot is still figuring how to come out to his parents. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival, he calls the producers, thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for the motel. Three weeks later, half a million people are on their way to his neighbor's farm in White Lake, N.Y., and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life, and American culture, forever. The film features a standout ensemble cast and songs from a score of '60s musical icons, including The Grateful Dead, The Doors, Jefferson Airplane and Country Joe and the Fish -- plus a new recording of ""Freedom"" from Richie Havens."	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Ang Lee	James Schamus	20090828	20091215	I suppose in a perfect world, it would be lovely to afford prestige filmmakers the opportunity to relax once in a while, to make a small, lightweight feel good movie, but Ang Lee's take on Woodstock is nothing short of disappointing.	5/10	rotten	Joanna Langfield	0	The Movie Minute	20090824
Marc Forster's psychological thriller Stay stars Ewan McGregor as Sam Foster, a psychologist who begins to feel his grip on reality slipping away because of one of his patients. Ryan Gosling plays Henry Letham, a patient who has been offering disturbing predictions that have come true. When he claims that Henry will kill himself in three days, the psychiatrist sets off on a journey to help him. Written by David Benioff, the film co-stars Naomi Watts.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Marc Forster	David Benioff	20051021	20060328	The brain power you expend making sense of it is better spent elsewhere.	1.5/4	rotten	Michael Booth	1	Denver Post	20051021
In his follow-up to the four-time Academy Award (R)-nominated blockbuster The Help, Tate Taylor directs 42's Chadwick Boseman as James Brown in Get on Up. Based on the incredible life story of the Godfather of Soul, the film will give a fearless look inside the music, moves and moods of Brown, taking audiences on the journey from his impoverished childhood to his evolution into one of the most influential figures of the 20th century. Boseman is joined in the drama by Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Nelsan Ellis, Lennie James, Tika Sumpter, Jill Scott and Dan Aykroyd.	PG-13	Drama	Tate Taylor	Tate Taylor|Jez Butterworth|John-Henry Butterworth|Steven Baigelman	20140801	20150106	An arresting encapsulation of Brown's dichotomy of being at once a soulful singer and at the same time a man incapable of showing affection.	4/5	fresh	Joseph Walsh	0	CineVue	20180822
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	It's fluff. But while its dim fantasies about Hitchcock and the association of genius with psychosis can be written off as silly, they also smack of spiteful jealousy.	2/5	rotten	Manohla Dargis	1	New York Times	20121122
A hard-drinking lush finds himself thrust into superhero mode in director Peter Berg's unconventional look at the private life of a crime-fighter. Will Smith stars as the embittered do-gooder whose lifestyle is more akin to a rock star than a role model, and who has grown as disillusioned with his once-admiring public as they have of him.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Peter Berg	Vincent Gilligan|Vince Gilligan|Vy Vincent Ngo	20080616	20081125	Sadly, the bar is set too high and the movie implodes under the weight of its own ambitions.	3/5	rotten	Kevin Maher	0	Times (UK)	20080626
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	A hodgepodge of comic melodrama, more panto than pathos.	2/5	rotten	Kate Muir	0	Times (UK)	20150917
Curious filmgoers looking to get better acquainted with the silver screen's most notorious cannibalistic serial killer are sure to get their fair share of shocks and thrills as director Peter Webber teams with author Thomas Harris to explore the early life of well-read psychopath Hannibal Lecter. Based on author Harris' gruesome novel of the same name, Hannibal Rising travels back in time to World War II-era Lithuania, where an impressionable, well-to-do young boy named Hannibal (Gaspard Ulliel) was forced to watch helplessly as his family was massacred and his young sister suffered a terrifying fate at the hands of desperate, famished soldiers. After seeking temporary shelter at the Soviet orphanage that was once his family's home, Hannibal later flees to Paris in search of his long-lost uncle. Though his uncle has passed away, his uncle's beautiful Japanese widow, Lady Murasaki (Gong Li), warmly accepts the frightened orphan into her home. But even the love and kindness of this generous stranger isn't enough to calm the raging storm that is brewing inside this troubled young boy. Plagued by nightmares and determined to seek vengeance on the murderous war criminals who brutalized his family, the profoundly disturbed but academically gifted Hannibal enrolls in medical school in order to hone the skills that will allow him to exact horrific justice.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Peter Webber	Thomas Harris	20070209	20070529	An origins movie that follows the serial killer's early years. As you might expect, those years didn't involve much time in a sandbox, unless of course Hannibal's spade was used as an instrument of death.	C	rotten	Christopher Smith	0	Bangor Daily News (Maine)	20070305
"""Hereafter"" tells the story of three people who are touched by death in different ways. George is a blue-collar American who has a special connection to the afterlife. On the other side of the world, Marie, a French journalist, has a near-death experience that shakes her reality. And when Marcus, a London schoolboy, loses the person closest to him, he desperately needs answers. Each on a path in search of the truth, their lives will intersect, forever changed by what they believe might -- or must -- exist in the hereafter."	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Peter Morgan	20101022	20110315	Hereafter, set to a resonant Eastwood score, truly is haunting.	3/4	fresh	Peter Travers	1	Rolling Stone	20101014
"""Hereafter"" tells the story of three people who are touched by death in different ways. George is a blue-collar American who has a special connection to the afterlife. On the other side of the world, Marie, a French journalist, has a near-death experience that shakes her reality. And when Marcus, a London schoolboy, loses the person closest to him, he desperately needs answers. Each on a path in search of the truth, their lives will intersect, forever changed by what they believe might -- or must -- exist in the hereafter."	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Peter Morgan	20101022	20110315	Along with a plodding script, the key character knows what he wants but takes no bold steps to get it. Even Damon appears confused in the movie.	2.5/5	rotten	Diana Saenger	0	ReviewExpress.com	20101025
"Tennessee Williams' 27 Wagons Full of Cotton was the basis for this steamy sex seriocomedy. Karl Malden stars as the doltish owner of a Southern cotton gin. He is married to luscious teenager Carroll Baker, who steadfastly refuses to sleep with her husband until she reaches the age of 20. Her nickname is ""Baby Doll"", a cognomen she does her best to live up to by lying in a crib-like bed and sucking her thumb. Enter crafty Sicilian Eli Wallach (who, like supporting actor Rip Torn, makes his film debut herein), who covets both Malden's wife and business. Malden's jealously sets fire to Wallach's business, compelling Wallach to try to claim Baby Doll as ""compensation."" Heavily admonished for its supposed filthiness in 1956 (it was condemned by the Legion of Decency, which did more harm to the Legion than to the film), Baby Doll seems a model of decorum today--so much so that it is regularly shown on the straight-laced American Movie Classics cable service."	R	Classics Comedy	Elia Kazan	Tennessee Williams	19561218	20030709		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050814
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	This slow, episodic film is held together by the galvanic presence of Javier Bardem.	3.5/5	fresh		1	New York Times	20030327
When four lifelong friends-Regina Hall, Queen Latifah, Jada Pinkett Smith and Tiffany Haddish-travel to New Orleans for the annual Essence Festival, sisterhoods are rekindled, wild sides are rediscovered, and there's enough dancing, drinking, brawling and romancing to make the Big Easy blush. James Lopez, head of motion pictures for Will Packer Productions, and Preston Holmes, executive produce.	R	Comedy Drama		Kenya Barris|Tracy Oliver	20170721	20171017	Malcolm D. Lee's exuberant Girls Trip easily outclasses the likes of Bad Moms and Rough Night.	4/5	fresh	Jake Wilson	0	The Age (Australia)	20170906
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Amy Adams shines in this fabulous fable about what happens when the fairy tale world takes a bite out of the Big Apple.	B+	fresh	Dezhda Gaubert	0	E! Online	20071120
Despite having recently presided over a very successful Halloween, Jack Skellington, aka the Pumpkin King, is bored with his job and feels that life in Halloweenland lacks meaning. Then he stumbles upon Christmastown and promptly decides to make the Yuletide his own.	PG	Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Henry Selick|Tim Burton	Tim Burton|Caroline Thompson|Michael McDowell	19931024	19971202	Likely to appeal to grown-ups of all ages--while putting the fear of God into kids--it's a perfect antidote to standard festive fare and evidence of the rich and varied possibilities of stop-motion animation. In a word, wonderful.	4/5	fresh	David Wood	0	BBC.com	20010417
Soon after a rising young singer-songwriter (Hedlund) gets involved with a fallen, emotionally unstable country star (Paltrow), the pair embarks on a career resurrection tour helmed by her husband/manager (McGraw) and featuring a beauty-queen-turned-singer (Meester). Between concerts, romantic entanglements and old demons threaten to derail them all. -- (C) Columbia	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Shana Feste	Shana Feste	20110107	20110412	The downer plot with a predictable ending never rises above television tearjerker movie of the week, but the songs are enough to recommend to fans of this genre.	3/5	fresh	Roger Tennis	0	Cinemaclips.com	20110206
When Doris Miller meets John Fremont, her company's hip new art director, sparks fly-at least for Doris. In the cluttered house she shared with her late mother, Doris mines the Internet for information on her one-and-only, guided by the 13-year-old granddaughter of her best pal Roz. When Doris begins showing up at John's regular haunts, she wins over his Williamsburg friends. Her new life brings Doris a thrilling perspective, but also creates a rift between her and her longtime friends and family, who believe she's making a fool of herself over a guy half her age. Eager for all the experiences she has missed out on, Doris throws caution to the wind and follows her heart for the very first time.	R	Drama	Michael Showalter	Laura Terruso|Michael Showalter	20160311	20160614	The best thing about Hello, My Name Is Doris is that nothing gets resolved in the expected movie fashion. The story will make you laugh, no question, but it will also make you deeply uncomfortable, and we mean that in the best way.	4/5	fresh	Liz Braun	1	Toronto Sun	20160421
A deliciously nasty black comedy, Heathers is set at a cliquish high school in Ohio. The most exclusive of those cliques is the Heathers, comprised of the prettiest and most popular girls in town. The group's leader is the manipulative Kim Walker, who orchestrates the humiliation of anyone who fails to meet her standards. Eventually, Heathers member Winona Ryder begins to exhibit a conscience; together with her hardcase boyfriend Christian Slater, Ryder plots to avenge all the unfortunate victims of the group. Before long, Heather (Kim Walker) ends up dead along with Kurt and Ram, with poignant suicide notes posted near their bodies.	R	Comedy Cult Movies Drama	Michael Lehmann	Daniel Waters	19880601	19990330		5/5	fresh	Jennie Kermode	0	Eye for Film	20040919
"Johnny Knoxville and his crew of fun-loving masochists bring their routines to the big screen in this feature adaptation of the popular but controversial MTV series Jackass. A crew of young men perform a variety of strange, painful, and often humiliating stunts for the amusement of themselves and those around them, including crawling across dozens of mousetraps while wearing rodent make-up, being rolled down bowling lanes on skateboards, racing in golf carts across an ancient driving range, giving themselves self-inflicted paper cuts, making snow cones out of urine, tightrope walking over live alligators, using uninstalled sanitary plumbing in a hardware store, terrifying Japanese pedestrians while wearing panda costumes, and much, much more. Johnny Knoxville, the show's creator and star, returns to head up this movie version of Jackass, along with series regulars Bam Margera, Ryan Dunn, Chris Pontius, Steve-O, Dave England, Jason ""Wee Man"" Acuna, Preston Lacy, Ehren McGhehey, and Brandon DiCamillo; Henry Rollins, Tony Hawk, and Spike Jonze are among the movie's guest stars."	R	Comedy Documentary	Jeff Tremaine	Jeff Tremaine|Johnny Knoxville	20021025	20030325	Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio.	1.5/4	rotten	Jeff Vice	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20021025
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	An unwieldy hodgepodge of spectacular set pieces and sappy family drama.	2.5/4	rotten	Timothy Knight	0	Reel.com	20050629
No matter whom we are, no matter where we live, we're all bound by borders. Many of us are content to live within these borders--others are simply forced to exist within them. But some of us need to break out, burst through, even if what is on the other side is both frightening and unknown. From this comes the tale of one young man's dilemma as he navigates his way through his colliding worlds. Set against Detroit's hip-hop scene in 1995, the story centers on Jimmy Smith Jr., a young white rapper, who struggles to find his voice. The people of Detroit know '8 Mile' as the city limit or a border. It is also a psychological dividing line that separates Jimmy from where and who he wants to be, as he struggles to find the strength and courage to transcend his boundaries.	R	Drama	Curtis Hanson	Scott Silver	20021108	20030318	The problem is Eminem himself, who has clearly been drilled by the director to play to what will have to pass as strengths: stillness, cool, control.	2/5	rotten	Peter Bradshaw	0	Guardian	20030120
Director James Cameron journeys back to the site of his greatest inspiration--the legendary wreck of the Titanic. With a team of the world's foremost historic and marine experts and friend Bill Paxton, he embarks on an unscripted adventure back to the final grave where nearly 1,500 souls lost their lives almost a century ago. Using state-of-the-art technology developed expressly for this expedition, Cameron and his crew are able to explore all of the wreckage, inside and out, as never before.	G	Comedy Documentary Science Fiction and Fantasy Special Interest	James Cameron		20030411	20040427	"Not as record setting a motion picture as, say, ""Titanic,"" but more haunting and ethereal."	3/4	fresh	David N. Butterworth	0	La Movie Boeuf	20030703
"For super-dog ""Bolt"", every day is filled with adventure, danger and intrigue - at least until the cameras stop rolling. When the star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City, he begins his biggest adventure yet - a cross-country journey through the real world to get back to his owner and co-star, Penny. Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real, and the help of two unlikely traveling companions -- a jaded, abandoned housecat named Mittens and a TV-obsessed hamster named Rhino -- Bolt discovers he doesn't need superpowers to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy			20081121	20090324	Fun, four-legged scampering isn't enough when the characters are so unmemorable, the high concept is so wobbly and the journey doesn't have you rooting for a reunion.	3/5	rotten	Matt Pais	0	Metromix.com	20081120
Diane Keaton made her directorial debut with this drama, adapted from the autobiographical novel of sportswriter Franz Lidz. Lidz's story was set in his New York childhood and told of how living with his four eccentric uncles helped him overcome his grief at the death of his beloved mother. The movie is set in southern California and the four uncles from the novel have been whittled down to two. Lidz was christened Steven (Nathan Watt) and he is raised by the luminous Selma (Andie McDowell) and Sid (John Turturro), his father. When Selma is taken ill, Sid keeps Steven and his sister out of her bedroom, fearing they will upset her. Sid is an ingenious but cool-hearted inventor whose head is more developed than his heart. He sends Steven off to live with his two brothers. Danny (Michael Richards) is a high-spirited, paranoid man who suffers from delusions. Arthur (Maury Chaykin) is a big-hearted guy who likes to collect other people's junk. Together they rename the child Franz and teach him to value his own uniqueness.	PG	Comedy Drama	Diane Keaton	Richard LaGravenese	19950915	20030603	Quietly moving story of a boy dealing with loss.	3/5	fresh	Nell Minow	0	Common Sense Media	20101229
Writer/director Gus Van Sant's early bid for big-time commercial success -- a success he didn't manage to achieve until Good Will Hunting -- is based on Tom Robbins' 1976 feminist bestseller. Uma Thurman plays Sissy Hankshaw, a woman born with very large thumbs. After her parents (Grace Zabriskie and Ken Kesey) take her to a doctor (Buck Henry), who offers her parents no remedy for their daughter's condition, the film races ahead to the 1970s. Sissy is now a popular feminine hygiene spray model for a product called Yoni Yum, the product of a company owned by The Countess (John Hurt in drag). Sissy travels to the Rubber Rose beauty ranch, also owned by The Countess, to shoot a Yoni Yum commercial. At the ranch, she makes the acquaintance of the inscrutable Chink (Pat Morita) and Bonanza Jellybean (Rain Phoenix). But under the nose of The Countess, the cowgirls on the ranch are talking mutiny, with the women trying to liberate the Rubber Rose Ranch from the chains of patriarchal oppression.	R	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	19940520	20041102	Not as bad as claimed, but not very good either.	3/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20030116
"Once upon a time in a galaxy very, very close to New Jersey Jay and Silent Bob stumble upon something new called the internet and discover that Miramax is making a movie about their alter-egos, ""Bluntman &amp; Chronic."" In order to hang onto what tiny crumbs of credibility they have left, the dazed duo set off for California to stop the evil movie studio from making the flick. On a raucous road trip from Red Bank, New Jersey to Miramax's California studios, Jay and Silent Bob meet up with girl gangs, hitchhikers and Hollywood stars; they fall in love and watch bullets fly; they kidnap an ape and aim to take down the studio big chiefs. But most of all, they do what they do best: wreak havoc."	R	Comedy	Kevin Smith	Kevin Smith	20010824	20020226	I can't imagine how Smith can capture a big enough audience to pay off this private joke, but the inner geek in me had too much fun to care.	B-	fresh	Sean Axmaker	0	Seattle Post-Intelligencer	20010824
A serial dater afflicted with a lifelong curse of loneliness attempts to win the love of a clumsy but beautiful penguin expert in the one romantic comedy that proves true love never comes easy. As a ten-year-old boy, Charlie (Dane Cook), breaks the cardinal rule of spin-the-bottle by refusing to kiss a demented goth girl. Crushed by the disheartening snub and determined to ensure that Charlie never finds true love, the vengeful brooder places a hex on the cowardly rule breaker that follows him well into his adult life. Flash-forward 20 years, and Charlie is a successful dentist who just can't seem to maintain a stable relationship. Sure he's had his fair share of one-night stands, but these days Charlie is just looking to find a nice girl he can settle down with. One day, while attending an ex-girlfriend's wedding, Charlie realizes that every girl he has ever dated has proceeded to find true love with the very next man they've met. When word gets out that Charlie is something of a lucky charm for women looking to tie the knot, every women within a 100-mile radius comes calling for a one-night stand; and while taking a bevy of beauties to bed is fun for the time being, it doesn't take long for Charlie to realize just how empty sex can be without true love. Upon meeting hard-to-get aquatic bird specialist Cam (Jessica Alba), Charlie begins to suspect that he has found the woman of his dreams. Cam is the kind of woman whom Charlie would be happy to grow old with, but what will come of their relationship if Charlie and Cam sleep together? Now, in order to ensure that Cam doesn't end up with the next guy she meets, Charlie will finally attempt to break the curse that has plagued him since childhood. Perhaps with a little help from smooth-talking ladies' man and sympathetic best friend Stu (Dan Fogler), Charlie will finally be able to experience true happiness.	R	Comedy	Mark Helfrich	Josh Stolberg	20070921	20080115	A desperately unfunny mix of romantic and gross-out comedy.	1/4	rotten	John Monaghan	1	Detroit Free Press	20070921
Alex Browning, is embarking on a trip to Paris with his high school French class. In the plane's cabin, buckled-in and ready for take-off, Alex experiences a powerful premonition. He sees the plane explode in a fiery blaze moments after leaving the ground. Alex panics and insists that everyone get off the plane. In the melee than ensues, seven people including Alex, are forced to disembark the ill-fated aircraft. Back in the departure lounge, Alex and his friends Billy and Tod; Clear a young woman who instinctively heeded Alex's warning; Carter, whose derision of Alex's paranoia had him and his girlfriend Terry thrown off the plane; and Ms. Lewton, the teacher who volunteers to stay with the disembarking students, all watch as Alex's horrific premonition proves tragically accurate when the plane explodes in a catastrophic fireball. Ironically, even though Alex's intuition saves lives, after the crash he is plagued by both guilt and suspicion. Ominous portents of doom as well as the FBI, dog his every step. Alex comes to believe that somehow, he and the other survivors have briefly cheated death, but will not be able to evade their fate for very long. Clear befriends Alex, but no one, not even she, really believes his macabre theory -- not even as one by one, these fugitives from fate fall victim to the grim reaper.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Jeffrey Reddick|Glen Morgan	20000317	20000926		2/5	rotten		0	Film Threat	20051206
The last thing the two Savage siblings ever wanted to do was look back on their undeniably dysfunctional family legacy. Wendy is a self-medicating struggling East Village playwright, AKA a temp who spends her days applying for grants and stealing office supplies, dating her very married neighbor. Jon is an obsessive compulsive college professor writing obscure books on even more obscure subjects in Buffalo who still can't commit to his girlfriend after four years even though her cooking brings him tears of joy. Then, out of the blue, comes the call that changes everything. They're told that the father they have long feared and avoided, Lenny Savage, has lost his marbles. And, there is no one to help him but his kids. Now, as they put the middle of their already arrested lives on hold, Wendy and Jon must live together under one roof for the first time since childhood, soon rediscovering the eccentricities that drove each other crazy. Faced with complete upheaval and the ultimate sibling rivalry battle over how to handle their father's final days, they are forced to face the past and finally start to realize what adulthood, family and, most surprisingly, each other are really about.	R	Comedy Drama	Tamara Jenkins	Tamara Jenkins	20071128	20080422	Tamara Jenkins' sophomore outing is sharp, clear-eyed, uncondescending; a non-stop, non-guilty pleasure.	A-	fresh	Eugene Novikov	0	Film Blather	20070906
A hard-drinking lush finds himself thrust into superhero mode in director Peter Berg's unconventional look at the private life of a crime-fighter. Will Smith stars as the embittered do-gooder whose lifestyle is more akin to a rock star than a role model, and who has grown as disillusioned with his once-admiring public as they have of him.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Peter Berg	Vincent Gilligan|Vince Gilligan|Vy Vincent Ngo	20080616	20081125	Director Peter Berg mounts a special-effects extravaganza that's very boring indeed, and doesn't quite deafen us to the inadequacies of the script, while Smith pretends to be a grumpy git but, naturally, winds up begging us to love him.	1/5	rotten	Anthony Quinn	0	Independent (UK)	20080630
This drama is adapted from the autobiography of comedy writer Jerry Stahl. Stahl's	R	Documentary Drama	David Veloz	David Veloz	19980916	19990223		3.5/5	fresh	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
"The third installment of director Edgar Wright's trilogy of comedies starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, following the successes ""Shaun of the Dead"" (2004) and ""Hot Fuzz"" (2007). In ""The World's End,"" 20 years after attempting an epic pub crawl, five childhood friends reunite when one of them becomes hellbent on trying the drinking marathon again. They are convinced to stage an encore by Gary King (Simon Pegg), a 40-year-old man trapped at the cigarette end of his teens, who drags his reluctant pals to their hometown and once again attempts to reach the fabled pub - The World's End. As they attempt to reconcile the past and present, they realize the real struggle is for the future, not just theirs but humankind's. Reaching The World's End is the least of their worries. (c) Focus Features"	R	Comedy	Edgar Wright	Edgar Wright|Simon Pegg	20130823	20131119	Even though some of the jokes are starting to wear a little thin, it's testament to the enduring popularity of the series' central trio that this third installment ticks so many boxes without bringing anything new to the table.	3/5	fresh	Adam Woodward	0	Little White Lies	20130717
Titanic shipmates Kathy Bates, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Kate Winslet step onboard for director Sam Mendes' tale of suburban malaise in 1950s-era Connecticut. Adapted from the classic 1961 novel by author Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road tells the tale of a young Connecticut couple whose once-idealistic relationship steadily deteriorates into a ceaseless cycle of petty jealousy and bickering as they strive to retain their independence in the conformity-obsessed world of picket fences and perfectly manicured lawns. Ever since they first met, Frank (DiCaprio) and April (Winslet) saw themselves as special and different. They strive to form their relationship around higher ideals, though upon moving into their new home on Revolutionary Road, the defiant couple pledges never to be confined by the social conventions of the era. As time passes, however, Frank and April gradually become the very thing that they both feared most -- a typical suburban family complete with abandoned dreams and faded hopes. Frank loses his nerve after taking a comfortable job with a reliable salary, and April morphs into an unsatisfied homemaker desperate for passion and excitement. But April's independent spirit hasn't been suffocated just yet, and when she hatches a plan to head for Paris, her need to escape at all costs stands in direct contrast to Frank's desire to hold on to what they already have.	R	Drama	Sam Mendes	Justin Haythe	20081215	20090602	Packs considerable punch.	4/5	fresh	Mark Keizer	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20081121
"St Trinian's, the infamous school for ""young ladies,"" is once again facing dire financial crisis"	PG-13	Comedy	Barnaby Thompson|Oliver Parker	Nick Moorcroft|Piers Ashworth|Barnaby Thompson|Oliver Parker	20071210	20080414		1/5	rotten	Stephen Garrett	1	Time Out	20111117
In this action-packed crime film, undercover detective Rita Rizzoli (Whoopi Goldberg) is on a mission to uncover the mastermind behind a large drug ring pushing a killer batch of cocaine.	R	Action and Adventure Comedy	Tom Holland	Dean Riesner|Deric Washburn|Hilary Henkin|Bill Svanoe	19871030	20010206	Goldberg's best work since The Color Purple.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
Suicide is not the end, but only the beginning of a fascinating journey through the afterlife for souls in search of what they could not find in their previous lives.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama	Goran Dukic	Goran Dukic	20071019	20080325	Veering from witty to occasionally trite, Wristcutters: A Love Story has plenty of originality on its side, but never manages to be more than the sum of its self-consciously quirky parts.	2.5/5	rotten	Saxon Bullock	0	Film4	20071123
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Enchanted hits every high note, and a great family film that entertains both the kids and adults is something we can all be truly thankful for.	3.5/5	fresh	Kim Voynar	0	Cinematical	20071121
Michael Douglas runs afoul of a treacherous supervisor in this film version of Michael Crichton's novel. Douglas plays Tom Sanders, an executive at DigiCom, a leading computer software firm. DigiCom is about to launch a new virtual reality-based data storage system that is expected to revolutionize the industry, and Bob Garvin (Donald Sutherland), the owner of the company, is in the midst of negotiating a merger that could bring	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Barry Levinson	Paul Attanasio|Michael Crichton	19941209	19970827		2/5	rotten	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20020731
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	The pleasures of Kore-eda's film comes in meeting these characters-and they are considerable.	4/5	fresh	Joe Bendel	0	Epoch Times	20160717
Frankie is a Los Angeles drug dealer. He comes from a good family, owns his home, several cars and enjoys partying with his friends. Frankie is 19. When his friend Jake welches on a debt, Frankie and his boys kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother Butch and hold him as a marker. Even though Butch has numerous chances to escape, he doesn't. He's enjoying partying with them, losing his virginity and having a good time -- until something goes horribly wrong.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Nick Cassavetes	Nick Cassavetes	20070112	20070501	The movie's biggest surprise is Timberlake, who finds the heart and soul of the not-so-tough Frankie and makes him the film's most complete character.	3/4	fresh	Miriam Di	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20070112
"Following memorable roles in the military action-adventures Pearl Harbor (2001) and Black Hawk Down (2001), young actor Josh Hartnett is propelled to romantic leading man status with this semi-autobiographical comedy from screenwriter Rob Perez. Hartnett stars as Matt Sullivan, a young man smarting over the bitter breakup of his most recent relationship. With Lent approaching, Matt decides to observe the 40-day tradition by abstaining from all sexual contact, including self-gratification. Once his odyssey of discipline has begun, he meets the girl of his dreams, while his ex begins campaigning to get him back. Co-starring Shannyn Sossamon, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Vinessa Shaw, 40 Days and 40 Nights inspired another round of controversy between distributor Miramax and the Catholic League, which accused the film of being a ""vulgar parody"" of Lent. The League previously protested the company's releases of Priest (1994) and Dogma (1999)."	R	Comedy Mystery and Suspense Romance	Michael Lehmann	Rob Perez|Robert Perez	20020301	20020917	They could have easily made yet another gross-out comedy, but instead the laughs are born of clever writing and likable characters.	3/4	fresh	Greg Maki	0	Star-Democrat (Easton, MD)	20040107
Because of a misunderstanding on his part, Clifford the Dog thinks his huge appetite threatens his owners' financial well-being--so Clifford and his three canine pals join a traveling carnival. Their goal is to enter a contest that will guarantee Clifford a lifetime supply of his favorite doggy snacks.	G	Animation Kids and Family	Robert Ramirez	Robert Ramirez|Rhett Reese	20040423	20040824	Though not exactly a gripping experience for adults, parents have reason to be grateful for a movie that has been so carefully tailored to preschool to first-grade sensibilities.	3/5	fresh	Kevin Thomas	1	Los Angeles Times	20040422
Despite having recently presided over a very successful Halloween, Jack Skellington, aka the Pumpkin King, is bored with his job and feels that life in Halloweenland lacks meaning. Then he stumbles upon Christmastown and promptly decides to make the Yuletide his own.	PG	Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Henry Selick|Tim Burton	Tim Burton|Caroline Thompson|Michael McDowell	19931024	19971202	Macabre and astonishing.	3/4	fresh	Stephen Hunter	0	Baltimore Sun	20131203
Curious filmgoers looking to get better acquainted with the silver screen's most notorious cannibalistic serial killer are sure to get their fair share of shocks and thrills as director Peter Webber teams with author Thomas Harris to explore the early life of well-read psychopath Hannibal Lecter. Based on author Harris' gruesome novel of the same name, Hannibal Rising travels back in time to World War II-era Lithuania, where an impressionable, well-to-do young boy named Hannibal (Gaspard Ulliel) was forced to watch helplessly as his family was massacred and his young sister suffered a terrifying fate at the hands of desperate, famished soldiers. After seeking temporary shelter at the Soviet orphanage that was once his family's home, Hannibal later flees to Paris in search of his long-lost uncle. Though his uncle has passed away, his uncle's beautiful Japanese widow, Lady Murasaki (Gong Li), warmly accepts the frightened orphan into her home. But even the love and kindness of this generous stranger isn't enough to calm the raging storm that is brewing inside this troubled young boy. Plagued by nightmares and determined to seek vengeance on the murderous war criminals who brutalized his family, the profoundly disturbed but academically gifted Hannibal enrolls in medical school in order to hone the skills that will allow him to exact horrific justice.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Peter Webber	Thomas Harris	20070209	20070529	It's a handsome film, but the pace is continually gummy and the set-ups stiff and artificial. Most crucially, nothing in it vanquishes the sensation that we're being sold something superfluous.	C+	rotten	Shawn Levy	0	Oregonian	20070209
A murder on a military base unearths a netherworld of corruption in this thriller based on the novel by Nelson DeMille. General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell) is a respected military leader with a flawless reputation; he's due to retire from the Army soon and is headed for a Vice-Presidential nomination. However, Campbell finds himself in both a personal and political crisis when his daughter is brutally murdered. Captain Elizabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson) was beautiful, intelligent, disciplined, and well-regarded, the very model of an ideal female officer; she was also stationed at the same base as her father. Paul Brenner (John Travolta), a warrant officer of the Army's Criminal Investigation Division, is assigned to look into the case alongside CID officer Sara Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe). Brenner and Sunhill were once romantically involved, complicating an assignment that soon offers more than enough complications of its own. Brenner and Sunhill come to realize that, for all her accomplishments, Elizabeth carried a lifetime of emotional scars from emotional abuse and sexual harassment, and that, despite the General's reputation, his relationship with his daughter was not always a happy or healthy one. It also seems possible that the General's second-in-command, General George Fowler (Clarence Williams III), a likely candidate for the Joint Chiefs of Staff, may also be implicated in the crime. The General's Daughter was the second feature film for director Simon West; his full-length debut was Con Air (1997), after a long string of successful television commercials and music videos.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Simon West	Nelson DeMille|William Goldman|Christopher Bertolini	19990618	19991214	Compelling viewing because of the tight-lipped, bull-headed performance by John Travolta in a starring role.	3/5	fresh	Bruce Kirkland	0	Jam! Movies	20040309
When her heart is stolen by a seductive stranger, a young woman is swept away to a house atop a mountain of blood-red clay: a place	R	Horror	Guillermo del Toro	Guillermo del Toro|Matthew Robbins|Lucinda Coxon	20151016	20160209	This is not a subtle film. It's not even unpredictable. But it is an awful lot of ghoulish, melodramatic fun.	4/5	fresh	Nick Dent	0	Daily Telegraph (Australia)	20151023
Soon after a rising young singer-songwriter (Hedlund) gets involved with a fallen, emotionally unstable country star (Paltrow), the pair embarks on a career resurrection tour helmed by her husband/manager (McGraw) and featuring a beauty-queen-turned-singer (Meester). Between concerts, romantic entanglements and old demons threaten to derail them all. -- (C) Columbia	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Shana Feste	Shana Feste	20110107	20110412	Writer/director Shana Feste is clearly indebted to the Oscar-winning Crazy Heart and Robert Altman's epic Nashville, but the script all too often stumbles into mediocre soap-opera territory.	2/5	rotten	Terry Staunton	0	Radio Times	20110324
Based on the 2009 investigative book by BBC correspondent Martin Sixsmith, The Lost Child of Philomena Lee, PHILOMENA focuses on the efforts of Philomena Lee (Dench), mother to a boy conceived out of wedlock - something her Irish-Catholic community didn't have the highest opinion of - and given away for adoption in the United States. In following church doctrine, she was forced to sign a contract that wouldn't allow for any sort of inquiry into the son's whereabouts. After starting a family years later in England and, for the most part, moving on with her life, Lee meets Sixsmith (Coogan), a BBC reporter with whom she decides to discover her long-lost son. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama	Stephen Frears	Jeff Pope|Steve Coogan	20131122	20140415	Philomena is a marvelous little movie, a heartwarming drama with plenty of comedic pathos that features Judi Dench, an incredibly bright, quickwitted woman, playing a simple Irish woman who doesn't get the jokes of her traveling companion.	3/4	fresh	Michael Smith	0	Tulsa World	20131222
Steven Spielberg's phenomenally successful sci-fi adventure thriller is graced by state-of-the-art special effects from the team of Stan Winston, Phil Tippett and Michael Lantieri from George Lucas's Industrial Light &amp; Magic. The film follows two dinosaur experts -- Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and Dr. Ellie Sattler Laura Dern) -- as they are invited by eccentric millionaire John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) to preview his new amusement park on an island off Costa Rica. By cloning DNA harvested from pre-historic insects, Hammond has been able to create living dinosaurs for his new Jurassic Park, an immense animal preserve housing real brachiosaurs, dilophosaurs, triceratops, velociraptors, and a Tyrannosaur Rex. Accompanied by cynical scientist Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum), who is obsessed with chaos theory, and Hammond's two grandchildren (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello), they are sent on a tour through Hammond's new resort in computer controlled touring cars. But as a tropical storm hits the island, knocking out the power supply, and an unscrupulous employee (Wayne Knight) sabotages the system so that he can smuggle dinosaur embryos out of the park, the dinosaurs start to rage out of control. Grant then has to bring Hammond's grandchildren back to safety as the group is pursued by the gigantic man-eating beasts.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Michael Crichton|David Koepp|Malia Scotch Marmo	19930611	20001010	A film that managed to terrify a generation of children one minute, leave them eager to hunt for fossils in their backyard the next. 	5/5	fresh	Chris Stuckmann	0	Moviedex	20130403
The story of five prisoners in the Auschwitz concentration camp as told through the memoirs of Dr. Miklos Nyiszil, a Hungarian Jew chosen by Josef Mengele to be the head pathologist at Auschwitz.	R	Drama	Tim Blake Nelson	Tim Blake Nelson	20021025	20030318	You can almost hear the gears of Blake's moral mechanism churning as character's spit out their maxims.	2.5/4	rotten	Ed Gonzalez	0	Slant Magazine	20021014
For an awkward, self-conscious girl like Kiki, being the personal assistant to a beautiful mega-star like Gwen isn't easy. But when she dutifully accepts the task of helping Gwen and her estranged mega-star husband Eddie make it through one last public appearance masterminded by legendary press agent Lee Phillips, forever devoted Kiki finds that her job is about to get even harder. At first it seems her challenge is to keep the peace between Gwen and Eddie and their public image intact, but soon Kiki is faced with a more personal concern as her longtime friendship with Eddie begins to take a romantic turn.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Joe Roth	Donna Roth|Billy Crystal|Peter Tolan	20010720	20011113	Could have been more with such a great cast, but still manages to entertain.	3/4	fresh	Scott Nash	0	Three Movie Buffs	20030927
"First Men in the Moon is an H.G. Welles cinemadaptation from director Nathan Juran. When scientists in the year 1964 are confused by evidence of a long-ago space flight, nonagenarian Arnold Bedford (Edward Judd) explains all. Back in 1899, Bedford, eccentric scientist Joseph Cavor (Lionel Jeffries) and heroine Kate Callender (Martha Hyer) took a trip to the moon in a home-made space vehicle. Once on the lunar surface, they encountered an alien civilization resembling an ant colony, complete with ""queen,"" soldiers and workers. How they returned, and the aftereffects of their journey, comprise the film's final third. Peter Finch appears briefly as a messenger; he happened to be visiting the set when the actor hired to play the bailiff's assistant failed to show up."	NR	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Nathan Juran	Nigel Kneale|Jan Read	19641120	20020326	Despite its flaws, FIRST MEN IN THE MOON remains a charming entertainment that stirs our Sense of Wonder with its fantastic imagery...	3/5	fresh	Steve Biodrowski	0	Cinefantastique	20140726
Two New Yorkers fight the battle of the sexes to a standstill (without entirely realizing it) in this romantic comedy. Andie (Kate Hudson) is a young journalist who longs to cover political stories, but in the meantime she finds herself writing for a women's magazine called Composure, where her editor Lana Jong (Bebe Neuwirth) has her writing a fluffy advice column. After hearing of the latest dating laments of her relationship-challenged friend Michelle (Kathryn Hahn), Andie sells Lana on the idea of writing a piece on the things women do to alienate the men they love, which she'll demonstrate by winning and then driving away a man in a mere ten days. Meanwhile, Ben (Matthew McConaughey) is an advertising man who wants to land a prestige diamond account at his firm. Ben is competing with his pals, Spears (Michael Michele) and Green (Shalom Harlow), for the assignment, so Ben tells his boss Phillip Warren (Robert Klein) that he's the man for the job because he understands the fair sex so well he can make any woman fall for him in less than two weeks. As fate would have it, Andie and Ben end up choosing one another for their mutual assignments, with neither knowing about each other's secret agenda as Ben strives to hold on to Andie while she does everything in her power to annoy him. How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days was loosely based on the self-help book of the same name (subtitled The Universal Don't of Dating) written by Michele Alexander and Jeannie Long.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Donald Petrie	Burr Steers|Brian Regan|Kristen Buckley	20030207	20030701	If you want to lose a guy in one day, drag him to see this movie.	0/4	rotten	Rob Blackwelder	0	SPLICEDWire	20030205
Titanic shipmates Kathy Bates, Leonardo DiCaprio, and Kate Winslet step onboard for director Sam Mendes' tale of suburban malaise in 1950s-era Connecticut. Adapted from the classic 1961 novel by author Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road tells the tale of a young Connecticut couple whose once-idealistic relationship steadily deteriorates into a ceaseless cycle of petty jealousy and bickering as they strive to retain their independence in the conformity-obsessed world of picket fences and perfectly manicured lawns. Ever since they first met, Frank (DiCaprio) and April (Winslet) saw themselves as special and different. They strive to form their relationship around higher ideals, though upon moving into their new home on Revolutionary Road, the defiant couple pledges never to be confined by the social conventions of the era. As time passes, however, Frank and April gradually become the very thing that they both feared most -- a typical suburban family complete with abandoned dreams and faded hopes. Frank loses his nerve after taking a comfortable job with a reliable salary, and April morphs into an unsatisfied homemaker desperate for passion and excitement. But April's independent spirit hasn't been suffocated just yet, and when she hatches a plan to head for Paris, her need to escape at all costs stands in direct contrast to Frank's desire to hold on to what they already have.	R	Drama	Sam Mendes	Justin Haythe	20081215	20090602	I don't know anyone who'd want to watch, in these miserable times, a marriage swirling down life's khazi. But that doesn't stop it being a fine piece of work. And while I didn't enjoy it at all, I can definitely recommend it.	4/5	fresh	Robbie Collin	0	News of the World	20090130
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	Moorhouse gleefully blends laughter and shocks....She works with a scalpel.	3/4	fresh	Robert Horton	0	HeraldNet (Everett, WA)	20160930
"This sequel to a box-office sleeper hit that spoofed teen slasher flicks takes its cues from haunted house and possession films, particularly The Haunting (1999) and The Exorcist (1973). Although many of the first film's main characters were homicide victims, Marlon Wayans, Shawn Wayans, and Anna Faris return anyway to ""re-possess"" their roles for this follow-up in which four students are invited by their professor (Tim Curry) to his haunted mansion, Hell House, for a weekend sleep-deprivation study. Providing the sleep deprivation, however, is a series of murderous, supernatural goings-on. Scary Movie 2 co-stars Tori Spelling, Andy Richter, Christopher Masterson, Kathleen Robertson, James Woods, Chris Elliott, and Natasha Lyonne."	R	Comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	Dave Polsky|Craig Wayans|Shawn Wayans|Marlon Wayans|Michael Anthony Snowden|Alyson Fouse|Greg Grabinaski|Greg Grabiansky	20010704	20011218	...it does have one redeeming attribute: brevity.	3/10	rotten	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20020107
Director John Woo brings Hong Kong-style martial arts action to this comic book-flavored sequel that eschews the complicated plot and political maneuverings of its predecessor in favor of pure, adrenaline-charged thrills. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, an operative for the top-secret government agency IMF (Impossible Missions Force). Fellow agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott) has gone rogue, stealing a sample of a deadly synthetic virus named Chimera that could rapidly wipe out the world's population. Ambrose's plan is to sell Chimera to the highest bidder in exchange for shares of stock in the winner's company. Summoned by the new IMF chief (Anthony Hopkins in an uncredited cameo role), Ethan is assigned to recruit the help of Ambrose's former lover Nyah Nordoff-Hall (Thandie Newton), a gorgeous woman who left Ambrose broken-hearted and who may be able to quickly regain his confidence. Once he meets and spends a night with Nyah, however, Ethan is smitten, and now must both capture Ambrose and keep Nyah alive as she infiltrates a nest of vipers. Sophisticated disguises, gun battles, and high-speed chases are the order of the day, very much in the James Bond mold. Mission: Impossible 2 is based on a story by Star Trek: The Next Generation writers Ronald D. Moore and Brannon Braga, with a script polish by Robert Towne.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Woo	William Goldman|John Logan|David Marconi|Michael Tolkin|Robert Towne|Rick Berman	20001231	20001107	The makers don't go out of their way to make this original in any way, but the quality comes through.	B	fresh	Robin Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20050409
One of the most popular and influential video games ever makes its way to the big screen in this sci-fi thriller. A coalition of Earth's scientific and military interests have established a research colony called Olduvai on the planet Mars, but one day all communication from the outpost stops and no one can tell what has happened -- though the final messages suggest it's not good. Believing foul play may have overtaken Olduvai's crew, the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, a team of specially trained military personnel, are deployed to investigate the situation and, if necessary, eliminate the invaders. But Sarge (Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock) and Reaper (Karl Urban), leaders of the RRTS team, soon discover the situation is far more grim than they could have imagined. An experiment on Olduvai has very literally opened a portal to Hades, and a variety of savage and demonic creatures have overtaken the colony. Now the RRTS must seal off Olduvai, close off any access to Earth, and exterminate the satanic beasts before they can kill again. Doom also stars Rosamund Pike (as Dr. Grimm), Dexter Fletcher, Ben Daniels, and Deobia Oparei.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrzej Bartkowiak	Dave Callaham|Wesley Strick	20051021	20060207	Despite some solid moves against viewer expectations, Doom ultimately embraces the cliched doom of all video game movies.	2/4	rotten	Robert K. Elder	1	Chicago Tribune	20051020
"BLEED FOR THIS is the incredible true story of one of the most inspiring and unlikely comebacks in sports history. Miles Teller (Whiplash, Divergent) stars as Vinny ""The Pazmanian Devil"" Pazienza, a local Providence boxer who shot to stardom after winning two world title fights. After a near-fatal car accident leaves Vinny with a broken neck, he is told he may never walk again. Against all odds and doctor's orders, renowned trainer Kevin Rooney (Aaron Eckhart) agrees to help Vinny return to the ring just a year after the accident for what could be the last fight of his life."	R	Drama Sports and Fitness	Ben Younger	Ben Younger	20161118	20170214	Hits all the marks you expect, but with few surprises and a protagonist that doesn't inspire empathy, Bleed for This doesn't go very far.	2/4	rotten	Lauren Chval	0	RedEye	20161117
First there was an opportunity......then there was a betrayal. Twenty years have gone by. Much has changed but just as much remains the same. Mark Renton returns to the only place he can ever call home.They are waiting for him: Spud, Sick Boy, and Begbie. Other old friends are waiting too: sorrow, loss, joy, vengeance, hatred, friendship, love, longing, fear, regret, diamorphine, self-destruction and mortal danger, they are all lined up to welcome him, ready to join the dance.	R	Drama	Danny Boyle	John Hodge	20170317	20170627	The director tries to give another meaning to the story by placing it in a different context. Nostalgic, fun, and yes, it still has that punk essence that permeated the first film. [Full review in Spanish]	3.5/5	fresh	Juan Tolentino	0	Cinema Movil	20170322
"A group of air crash survivors are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no chance of rescue. Facing a brutal environment, dwindling resources, and an attack by desert smugglers, they realize their only hope is doing the ""impossible""--building a new plane from the wreckage."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama		Edward Burns|Scott Frank	20041217	20050301	There are bound to be very few surprises in a movie that gives away its ending in the title.	2/4	rotten	Rob Blackwelder	0	SPLICEDWire	20041214
Director Alexander Payne (Sideways, The Descendants) takes the helm for this black and white road trip drama starring Bruce Dern as a tempestuous Missouri father who's convinced he's won a million dollar magazine sweepstakes, and Will Forte as the son who grudgingly agrees to drive him to Nebraska to claim his winnings. Bob Odenkirk and Stacy Keach costar.	R	Drama	Alexander Payne	Bob Nelson	20131115	20140225	... a smart, subtle, stripped-down gem, a low-fi version of what we're used to seeing Payne do.	B+	fresh	Drew McWeeny	0	HitFix	20131112
Director Alexander Payne (Sideways, The Descendants) takes the helm for this black and white road trip drama starring Bruce Dern as a tempestuous Missouri father who's convinced he's won a million dollar magazine sweepstakes, and Will Forte as the son who grudgingly agrees to drive him to Nebraska to claim his winnings. Bob Odenkirk and Stacy Keach costar.	R	Drama	Alexander Payne	Bob Nelson	20131115	20140225	Alexander Payne is back in prime, prickly form with Nebraska, a marked improvement over his soggy, false-feeling melodrama The Descendants.	4/5	fresh	Simon Miraudo	0	Quickflix	20140220
"Actors Woody Harrelson and Wesley Snipes team up for the third time in this actioner that has them playing brothers working as subway cops for New York City transit. Their job is to curtail subway crime. They are also in hot pursuit of an arsonist. The ""brothers,"" are dramatically different. John (Snipes) is black, hyper-responsible, and very protective of the lily white and free-spirited Charlie (Harrelson). Irresponsible Charlie has a larcenous streak and secretly fantasizes about robbing the money train, the subway assigned to collect all the money gathered each day at each station throughout the city. He would use the loot to pay off his considerable gambling debts. The natural tension between the disparate twosome increases with the addition of Grace, their new partner. Eventually they decide to give it a go and attempt to rob the money train."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joseph Ruben	David Loughery|Doug Richardson	19951122	20010522	Shapeless buddy-action junk.	2/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020726
"When 22 year-old drug dealer Chris (Hirsch) has his stash of drugs stolen from him by his mother, he has to come up with six-thousand dollars quick, or he's dead. Desperate, he goes to the trailer-park to see his father, Ansel (Hayden Church), and he lays out the plan. Chris's mother, who everyone hates, has a life insurance policy that would clear up his debt and make them all rich. The problem is that Chris' mother is very much alive. Enter Detective ""Killer"" Joe Cooper, a hired hit man with the manners of a Southern gentleman, who will do the job - for an upfront fee, that Chris and Ansel can't pay. Just as Joe is about to leave, he spots Dottie (Temple), Chris' innocent younger sister. Joe makes Chris an offer, he'll keep Dottie as sexual collateral until the money is collected and his fee can be paid. -- (C) Voltage Pictures"	R	Comedy Mystery and Suspense	William Friedkin	Tracy Letts	20120727	20121221	It sends you home reeling, but wondering what the point of it was, and why so many worthwhile people bothered to do it in the first place.	2/4	rotten	Rex Reed	1	Observer	20120724
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	Van Sant opens a window onto the teen life ..., but the insights have less depth than a skateboard wheel's imprint.	2.5/4	rotten	Sean P. Means	0	Salt Lake Tribune	20080328
A tortured man finds himself caught in a middle-ground between hallucination and reality in this supernatural thriller, scripted by Bruce Joel Rubin of Ghost (1990) and My Life (1993). Jacob Singer (Tim Robbins) is a soldier stationed in Vietnam who undergoes a traumatic experience on the battlefield - the nature of which is initially unclear. The film then moves into his post-Vietnam experience in 1970s New York, where he feels consistently traumatized, but can never quite remember exactly what happened to him in Southeast Asia or to free himself from his anxieties over the recent tragic death of his young son (Macaulay Culkin). Though well educated, Jacob works as a letter carrier for the U.S. Postal Service and has become romantically involved with one of his co-workers, Jezzie (Elizabeth Pena), after divorcing his wife. Soon, Jacob's tenuous hold on reality starts to slip as horrifying events befall him; he is nearly run over by a subway train, pursued by faceless demons in cars, and spots reptilian tails and horns protruding from the bodies of those he encounters. Jacob also suffers severe panic attacks related to the chaos that may be reality, or may exist only in his mind. He seeks counsel from Louis (Danny Aiello), a kindly chiropractor, as his ex-wife Sarah (Patricia Kalember), fellow Vietnam vet Paul (Pruitt Taylor Vince), and enigmatic stranger Michael (Matt Craven) all try to help the tortured soul. Jason Alexander, Ving Rhames and Eriq LaSalle highlight the supporting cast.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Adrian Lyne	Bruce Joel Rubin|Joel Blasberg	19901102	20100914		4/5	fresh	Nell Minow	0	Movie Mom	20040716
"In keeping with his background in television sitcoms, Sam Weisman directs the cameo-filled comedy Dickie Roberts: Former Child Star. Dickie Roberts (David Spade) was a child actor on the hit TV show ""The Glimmer Gang"" and remains remembered for a particular catch phrase. Now in his thirties, he finds work as a parking valet and spends time with other nominal child stars (enter cameos by Danny Bonaduce, Corey Feldman, and the like). Wanting to make a comeback, he manages to get an audition with director Rob Reiner. When the role requires him to be normal, he decides to hire a normal family in order to relive the childhood he missed out on. He ends up with sleazy salesman George Finney (Craig Bierko) and his loving wife, Grace (Mary McCormack). Dickie shares a room with their two kids: sunny daughter Sally (Jenna Boyd) and impressionable son Sam (Scott Tessa). Former child star Alyssa Milano appears as Dickie's girlfriend, Cyndi."	PG-13	Comedy	Sam Weisman		20030903	20040217	There are laughs, to be sure, and some gleeful supporting performances, but after a promising start the movie sinks in a bog of sentiment.	2/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20030905
"Gary Busey's sterling performance as Buddy Holly graces this entertaining film biography of this pioneering rock and roll performer. The film follows the trajectory of Holly's musical career from his beginnings in Lubbock, Texas, through his troubled recording career, to his national fame after the success of his hit ""That'll Be the Day."" As Holly struggles up the road to success, the film also chronicles the tension between him and his backup band, The Crickets (Don Stroud and Charles Martin Smith), along with his love for his Puerto Rican bride Maria (Maria Richwine)."	PG	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Steve Rash	Robert Gittler	19780101	19990907		4/5	fresh	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20030905
In this thriller, the unhappy Laura Burney (Julia Roberts) attempts to escape her miserable marriage and her obsessive, violent husband (Patrick Bergin) by faking a watery death. She travels to a small Southern town and takes on the quiet identity of Sara Waters. As she begins to enjoy her new-found life and freedom, she falls in love with her down-to-earth next-door neighbor, only to find out that her crazed husband has discovered her deception.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joseph Ruben	Ronald Bass|Bruce Joel Rubin|Lloyd Fonvielle	19910208	20030902		1/5	rotten	Linda Cook	0	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	20040804
Freshly graduated from college with a promising future ahead, 22 year-old Christopher McCandless instead walked out of his privileged life and into the wild in search of adventure. What happened to him on the way transformed this young wanderer into an enduring symbol for countless people. Was Christopher McCandless a heroic adventurer or a na	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Sean Penn	Sean Penn	20071019	20080304	The movie tries its hardest to celebrate the impetuousness of its hero and the exhilaration of his accomplishments. Mostly, though, it just reminds you of the severity of his mistakes.	2.5/4	rotten	Rene Rodriguez	1	Miami Herald	20071005
Just after the evil Emperor Spengo (Jon Lovitz) imprisons King Raff (Eric Idle), he spots a California housewife (Teri Garr) through his telescope. He decides to beam her up along with her husband (Jeffrey Jones), but isn't prepared to deal with the results when both become interplanetary freedom fighters.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Greg Beeman	Ed Solomon|Chris Matheson	19920724	20050830	Here's a novel idea: A kids' movie with parents as heroes. That twist is the most -- some might say only -- refreshing element in Mom and Dad Save the World.	1/4	rotten	Johanna Steinmetz	1	Chicago Tribune	20140725
I ORIGINS, the second feature film from writer and director Mike Cahill, tells the story of Dr. Ian Gray (Michael Pitt), a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the eye. He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman (Astrid Berg	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Mike Cahill	Mike Cahill	20140718	20141209	Though not every element of the grander mystery story works, there's plenty here to keep you thinking.	3.5/5	fresh	James White	0	SFX Magazine	20141003
In the highly anticipated sequel, which was inspired by Steve Harvey's best-selling book Act Like a Lady, Think Like A Man, all the couples are back for a wedding in Las Vegas. But plans for a romantic weekend go awry when their various misadventures get them into some compromising situations that threaten to derail the big event. (c) Sony	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Tim Story		20140620	20140916	"That this retrograde ""straight talk"" somehow managed to emerge on screen as a reasonably genial ensemble comedy speaks to the strength of its performers."	1.5/4	rotten	Eric Henderson	0	Slant Magazine	20140619
Shy, sensitive April (Emma Roberts) is the class virgin -a popular soccer player and frequent babysitter for her single-dad coach, Mr. B. (James Franco). Teddy (Jack Kilmer) is an introspective artist whose best friend and sidekick Fred (Nat Wolff) is an unpredictable live wire with few filters or boundaries. While April negotiates a dangerous affair with Mr. B., and Teddy performs community service for a DUI - secretly carrying a torch for April, who may or may not share his affection - Fred seduces Emily (Zoe Levin), a promiscuous loner who seeks validation through sexual encounters. One high school party bleeds into another as April and Teddy finally acknowledge their mutual affection, and Fred's escalating recklessness spirals into chaos. (C) Tribeca	R	Drama	Gia Coppola	Gia Coppola	20140509	20140909	The four stars all give solid, nuanced performers, but it's Roberts whose the stand out - capturing the bewidlerment of adolescence perfectly.	3/5	fresh	Janina Matthewson	0	Sky Cinema	20141016
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	Director Ava DuVernay has given us Selma, a docudrama about a pivotal campaign in the fight for civil rights for black Americans. You could say this film writes history not so much with lightning as with compassion.	3.5/4	fresh	Robert W. Butler	0	Kansas City Star	20151119
"""The 400 Blows"" marks the birth of legendary nouvelle vague character Antoine Doinel; his is the story of a 13-year-old wild child whose adventures were based on director Francois Truffaut's own adolescence."	NR	Art House and International Classics Drama			19591116	19980324		5/5	fresh	Jake Euker	0	F5 (Wichita, KS)	20050824
From the outer reaches of space to the small-town streets of suburbia, the hunt comes home in Shane Black's explosive reinvention of the Predator series. Now, the universe's most lethal hunters are stronger, smarter and deadlier than ever before, having genetically upgraded themselves with DNA from other species. When a young boy accidentally triggers their return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled science teacher can prevent the end of the human race.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Shane Black	Shane Black|Fred Dekker	20180914	20181127	I don't know why they did this.	1/5	rotten	Justin Brown	0	Medium Popcorn	20180926
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	One of this year's best films.	5/5	fresh	John Lui	0	The Straits Times (Singapore)	20160524
In this wickedly funny screwball satire, Mel Coplin, his wife, their four-month-old baby, and an adoption agency psychologist embark on a zany quest to find Mel's biological parents. Wanting to meet his real parents before naming his son, Mel drags his family all over the country before finding them.	R	Comedy			19960322	19990615		3.5/4	fresh	James Berardinelli	1	ReelViews	20000101
Soon after a rising young singer-songwriter (Hedlund) gets involved with a fallen, emotionally unstable country star (Paltrow), the pair embarks on a career resurrection tour helmed by her husband/manager (McGraw) and featuring a beauty-queen-turned-singer (Meester). Between concerts, romantic entanglements and old demons threaten to derail them all. -- (C) Columbia	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Shana Feste	Shana Feste	20110107	20110412	This overlong melodrama has all the dramatic grace of a wrecked-my-truck, lost-my-girl song-and about as much emotional heft.	C	rotten	Matt Stevens	0	E! Online	20110107
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Enchanted is not a perfect movie ... But it is so thoroughly delightful when Adams is on screen you forgive its faults with a smile.	A	fresh	Tom Long	1	Detroit News	20071121
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	War of the Worlds is that most rare of screen adaptations - a film that is faithful to its origins and at the same time, its own separate creature. The first half is better than the second, but what a first half.	9/10	fresh	Joshua Starnes	0	ComingSoon.net	20110307
Writer/director Lisa Cholodenko follows up her much-acclaimed 1997 debut High Art with this examination of a young couple seduced into a hedonistic, left-coast lifestyle. Taking its title from its central locale, Laurel Canyon focuses on a pair of upper-middle class lovebirds from the East Coast who relocate to Los Angeles. Freshly minted from Harvard, Sam (Christian Bale) and Alex (Kate Beckinsale) are eager to continue their medical studies out West, but they need some lodging while they hunt for a home. Enter Jane (Frances McDormand), Sam's estranged, Age-of-Aquarius mom, who's more than willing to put the couple up in her lavish digs. Jane is a successful record producer whose latest charge -- both in the studio and in her bedroom -- is Ian (Alessandro Nivola), a brazen, libidinous twentysomething Brit-rocker. As Sam and Alex settle in at Jane's, they gradually lose their straight-and-narrow approach to life and begin to experiment. Alex takes to Ian and Jane, while Sam is wooed by co-worker Sara (Natascha McElhone). Laurel Canyon features a score by Shudder to Think's Craig Wedren; the music for Ian's band was provided by Sparklehorse's Mark Linkous and indie-rockers Folk Implosion.	R	Art House and International Drama	Lisa Cholodenko	Lisa Cholodenko	20030307	20030715	If Laurel Canyon isn't quite as daring as it thinks it is, it is an always honest, often stirring movie.	3/5	fresh	Shlomo Schwartzberg	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20020915
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	DuVernay, with just her third feature film, knows how to marshal the moments that will become history, making her own iconic images.	4.5/5	fresh	Craig Mathieson	0	The Sunday Age	20181004
A dating doctor claims that with his services he can match anyone with their soulmate in just three dates. When a jaded tabloid journalist sets out to expose him as a scam artist, the two find themselves falling in love.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Andrew Tennant|Andy Tennant	Kevin Bisch	20050211	20050614	How reassuring to realize that happy surprises are still possible. Hitch is one of the happiest.	B+	fresh	Philip Wuntch	1	Dallas Morning News	20050210
From masters of horror Blumhouse Productions- producer of THE PURGE, INSIDIOUS and SINISTER franchises- THE LAZARUS EFFECT follows a group of researchers led by Frank (Mark Duplass) and his fianc	PG-13	Horror	David Gelb	Luke Dawson|Jeremy Slater	20150227	20150616	The movie anxiously, recklessly rushes through its plot toward the climax, as if it's afraid of anyone noticing its emptiness. 	2/5	rotten	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Common Sense Media	20150227
A proud military man, Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg is a loyal officer who serves his country all the while hoping that someone will find a way to stop Hitler before Europe and Germany are destroyed. Realizing that time is running out, he decides that he must take action himself and joins the German resistance. Armed with a cunning strategy to use Hitler's own emergency plan--known as Operation Valkyrie--these men plot to assassinate the dictator and over-throw his Nazi government from the inside. With everything in place, with the future of the world, the fate of millions and the lives of his wife and children hanging in the balance, Stauffenberg is thrust from being one of many who oppose Hitler to the one who must kill Hitler himself.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bryan Singer	Christopher McQuarrie|Nathan Alexander	20081225	20090519	Director Bryan Singer keeps the pace fast, and although we know the ultimate outcome, it's easy to get caught up in the excitement of what-if thinking.	3.5/5	fresh	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20081224
A child discovers a whole new world when he runs away from home in the family drama Prince Of Central Park. JJ (played by Frankie Nasso) is a boy living in New York with his foster mother (Cathy Moriarty). To say they don't get along is an understatement; one day JJ decides he's so tired of her abuse and tirades that he leaves his home for good, determined to make a home for himself in Central Park. JJ soon meets another resident of the park, an eccentric who calls himself the Guardian (Harvey Keitel); while the Guardian seems frightening at first, he soon proves to be a true friend to JJ. JJ also makes friends with Rebecca and Noah (Kathleen Turner and Danny Aiello), a couple who never entirely recovered from the death of their son several years ago. Rebecca and Noah take JJ under their wings, and JJ helps them come to terms with their loss. Prince Of Central Park was the first family film from the production company of Seagal/Nasso, co-founded by stone-faced action star Steven Seagal.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama Kids and Family Mystery and Suspense	John Leekley	John Leekley	20000801	20001121		3/5	fresh	Cole Smithey	0	ColeSmithey.com	20051101
A once-loving Chicago couple whose happily-ever-after quickly turned into a never-again finds their crumbling romance complicated when both parties refuse to move out of the pair's recently purchased condo. The Break-Up is a romantic comedy that starts where all the others end. The future once looked promising for thirtysomething couple Brooke (Jennifer Aniston) and Gary (Vince Vaughn), but lately it seems like a series of increasingly petty and intolerable squabbles have snuffed any semblance of romance in their relationship. Their confrontation endlessly fueled by mean-spirited suggestions of revenge tactics from friends and family and their stubborn refusal to budge resulting in an excruciating stalemate, Brooke and Gary ultimately decide to spitefully stick it out as hostile roommates until the weaker party eventually admits defeat. As the competition to drive one another out grows increasingly intense and outrageous, however, Brooke eventually comes to the realization that she's not fighting for possession of the condominium as much as she is fighting to salvage her relationship with the man she once viewed as the love of her life.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Peyton Reed	Vince Vaughn|Jeremy Garelick|Jay Lavender	20060601	20061017	An eye for the devil in the details gives the story its heart -- a broken heart, but that's better than none at all.	B+	fresh		0	E! Online	20060601
"In the heatwarming live action adventure ""Disney's Christopher Robin,"" the young boy who loved embarking on adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood with a band of spirited and loveable stuffed animals, has grown up and lost his way. Now it is up to his childhood friends to venture into our world and help Christopher Robin remember the loving and playful boy who is still inside."	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family	Marc Forster	Alex Ross Perry	20180803	20181106	Christopher Robin serves as a reminder to the life we have left behind, for even the happiest children with the warmest friends have to grow up some time. 	3/5	fresh	Soumya Srivastava	0	Hindustan Times	20180827
"""Houston, we have a problem."" Those words were immortalized during the tense days of the Apollo 13 lunar mission crisis in 1970, events recreated in this epic historical drama from Ron Howard. Astronaut Jim Lovell (Tom Hanks) leads command module pilot Jack Swigert (Kevin Bacon) and lunar module driver Fred Haise (Bill Paxton) on what is slated as NASA's third lunar landing mission. All goes smoothly until the craft is halfway through its mission, when an exploding oxygen tank threatens the crew's oxygen and power supplies. As the courageous astronauts face the dilemma of either suffocating or freezing to death, Mattingly and Mission Control leader Gene Kranz (Ed Harris) struggle to find a way to bring the crew back home, all the while knowing that the spacemen face probable death once the battered ship reenters the Earth's atmosphere. The film received an overwhelmingly enthusiastic critical response and a Best Picture nomination, but lost that Oscar to another (very different) historical epic, Mel Gibson's Braveheart. In 2002, the movie was released in IMAX theaters as Apollo 13: The IMAX Experience, with a pared-down running time of 116 minutes in order to meet the technical requirements of the large-screen format."	PG	Action and Adventure Drama	Ron Howard	Al Reinert|William Broyles	19950630	20040907	Ron Howard's direction provides excitement and suspense, even if you already know the outcome.	3.5/4	fresh	Madeleine Williams	0	Cinematter	20000101
A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Like David O. Russell's previous films, American Hustle defies genre, hinging on raw emotion, and life and death stakes. (c) Sony	R	Drama			20131220	20140318	If only this set of memorable characters were serving a story that didn't feel half-rate.	B-	fresh	Jordan Raup	0	The Film Stage	20160621
In this western, Link Jones travels to Fort Worth to hire a new schoolteacher there. On the rails, he crosses paths with Sam Beasley, a grifter who plans to rob Jones blind. Instead, Jones and Beasley fall victim to a band of thieves. Left destitute, they set out for revenge.	NR	Classics Western Romance	Anthony Mann	Reginald Rose	19581001	19910301		3/5	fresh	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050630
Max Payne is a maverick cop - a mythic anti-hero - determined to track down those responsible for the brutal murders of his family and partner. Hell-bent on revenge, his obsessive investigation takes him on a nightmare journey into a dark underworld. As the mystery deepens, Max is forced to battle enemies beyond the natural world and face an unthinkable betrayal.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense		Beau Thorne	20081017	20090120	Though the film's action scenes won't win awards for originality, they can't be faulted for either their scale or love of slo-mo.	3/5	fresh	Jim Schembri	0	The Age (Australia)	20081017
"Carl Reiner directs Steve Martin (who co-wrote the script with Carl Gottlieb) in this gag-laden comedy about an idiotic white man, raised by a poor family of black sharecroppers, who doesn't realize he's not black. Navin R. Johnson (Steve Martin) is told the horrible truth when he finds himself instinctively tapping his feet to an easy listening tune on the radio, instead of a low-down blues. His mother (Mabel King) tells him he's white and Navin takes to the road (in a World War II bomber helmet and goggles) to start a new life in St. Louis. A filling station owner, Harry Hartounian (Jackie Mason), give Navin his first break, hiring him to pump gas. One day at the station, Navin has a brainstorm, concocting an invention called ""The Opti-grab,"" a combination handle and nose-brace for eyeglasses. But Navin runs into trouble when a crazed killer (M. Emmet Walsh) picks out his name at random from the telephone book and tries to kill him. Navin escapes to a traveling carnival, where he wrangles a job as the ""guess-your-weight"" man. At the carnival, he discovers his sexual nature, thanks to stunt rider and S&amp;M; enthusiast Patty Bernstein (Catlin Adams). But Navin meets the beautiful Marie (Bernadette Peters) and he quickly falls in love. In the meantime, the ""Opti-grab"" has taken off and soon Navin is a millionaire."	R	Comedy	Carl Reiner	Steve Martin|Carl Gottlieb|Michael Elias	19791214	20050726	We get the sense at times that the cast and crew arrived at a location, found the script bankrupt of real laughs, and started looking around for funny props.	2/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20050705
"""Couples Retreat"" follows four Midwestern couples who embark on a journey to a tropical island resort. While one of the couples is there to work on their marriage, the other three set out to jet ski, spa and enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon discover that participation in the resort's couple's therapy is not optional. Suddenly, their group-rate vacation comes at a price. What follows is a hilarious look at real world problems faced by all couples."	PG-13	Comedy	Peter Billingsley	Jon Favreau|Vince Vaughn|Dana Fox	20091009	20100209	Greatly silly and unexpectedly wise at times.	2.5/4	fresh	Lisa Kennedy	1	Denver Post	20091009
Take out the trash, eat your broccoli-who needs moms, anyway? Nine-year-old Milo (Seth Green) finds out just how much he needs his mom (Joan Cusack) when she's nabbed by Martians who plan to steal her mom-ness for their own young. Produced by the team behind Disney's A Christmas Carol and The Polar Express, Mars Needs Moms showcases Milo's quest to save his mom-a wild adventure in 3D that involves stowing away on a spaceship, navigating an elaborate, multi-level planet and taking on the alien nation and their leader (Mindy Sterling). With the help of a tech-savvy, underground earthman named Gribble (Dan Fogler) and a rebel Martian girl called Ki (Elisabeth Harnois), Milo just might find his way back to his mom-in more ways than one. Based on the Book by Berkeley Breathed. -- (C) Disney	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Science Fiction and Fantasy	Simon Wells	Simon Wells|Wendy Wells	20110311	20110809	Superlative craftsmanship but only the first segment is intriguing.	B-	fresh	Harvey S. Karten	0	Compuserve	20110310
Finally putting an end to their days as slaves to the hustle-bustle of city life, Gothamites Cooper Tilson and his wife, Leah, pack up their kids and all their possessions, and move into a recently repossessed mansion in the 'sticks' of New York State. Once a grand and elegant manor, the house at Cold Creek is now in shambles, but Cooper and Leah have unlimited time to show the house the tender loving care that it desperately needs. All's well until Dale Massie, the house's former owner, gets out of prison, looking to reclaim his birthright place, by any means necessary. There are two kinds of people in Cold Creek--those who come there, and those who are born there--and Dale quickly shows that one kind of resident always comes out on top. This challenged truth is particularly accurate, in this case, because Dale's house hides a deep, dark secret.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Mike Figgis	Richard Jefferies	20030919	20040302	Cold Creek Manor is one of those cases of the trailer making it look a whole lot scarier than it actually is.	2/4	rotten	Kit Bowen	0	Hollywood.com	20030921
Featuring an all-star cast, this drama is about two estranged sisters. Bessie has spent 20 years caring for her bed-ridden father. Lee is far more independent, raising her two boys alone. When a doctor diagnoses Bessie with leukemia, Lee is called upon for a bone-marrow transplant.	PG-13	Drama	Jerry Zaks	Scott McPherson	19961220	20020115	The main strength of this film is not its message, but rather its rich characterizations.	3/4	fresh	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20010227
In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance. From this moment on, their lives become webs of deceit and exposure, secrets and revelations, as they feud to outwit and destroy one another. Their rivalry takes them both to the peak of their careers, but with terrible consequences.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan|Christopher Nolan	20061020	20070220	The Prestige is wonderfully engrossing, darkly mysterious and entertaining from start to finish.	3.5/4	fresh	Claudia Puig	1	USA Today	20061020
SNL alumni Tina Fey steps into the well worn shoes of journalist Kim Barker in Paramount Pictures' adaptation of Barker's memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan, which details her years as a reporter in Pakistan and Afghanistan beginning in 2002.	R	Comedy Drama	Glenn Ficarra|John Requa	Robert Carlock	20160304	20160628	Tina Fey, the film's producer and star, keeps getting better and better in each of those positions. Here she hits a new high mark in both.	3.5/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20160303
In this film, conjoined twins Blake and Francis Falls share many vital organs. They have come to the big city to find their long-lost mother and end their suffering. Befriending a prostitute, Blake reveals that Francis is dying. He must choose between dying with his brother or a risky operation.	R	Drama	Michael Polish	Michael Polish|Mark Polish	19990730	20000118		3/4	fresh		1	Globe and Mail	20020322
Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having -- a husband, a house, a successful career -- yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy; the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.	PG-13	Drama	Ryan Murphy	Ryan Murphy|Jennifer Salt	20100813	20101123	Ryan Murphy brings Elizabeth Gilbert's best-selling self-realization memoir to the big screen as a glossy, Julia Roberts starring travelogue that gives more insight into where to get a great pizza than the benefits of striving for enlightenment.	B-	fresh	Laura Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20100812
Marc Forster's psychological thriller Stay stars Ewan McGregor as Sam Foster, a psychologist who begins to feel his grip on reality slipping away because of one of his patients. Ryan Gosling plays Henry Letham, a patient who has been offering disturbing predictions that have come true. When he claims that Henry will kill himself in three days, the psychiatrist sets off on a journey to help him. Written by David Benioff, the film co-stars Naomi Watts.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Marc Forster	David Benioff	20051021	20060328	More of an abstract than trick, Stay is a satisfying examination.	4/5	fresh		0	Film Snobs	20051023
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601		3/5	fresh		0	Bullz-Eye.com	20050705
When Doris Miller meets John Fremont, her company's hip new art director, sparks fly-at least for Doris. In the cluttered house she shared with her late mother, Doris mines the Internet for information on her one-and-only, guided by the 13-year-old granddaughter of her best pal Roz. When Doris begins showing up at John's regular haunts, she wins over his Williamsburg friends. Her new life brings Doris a thrilling perspective, but also creates a rift between her and her longtime friends and family, who believe she's making a fool of herself over a guy half her age. Eager for all the experiences she has missed out on, Doris throws caution to the wind and follows her heart for the very first time.	R	Drama	Michael Showalter	Laura Terruso|Michael Showalter	20160311	20160614	"It's probably too early to talk Oscar nominations, but when you're as good as Sally Field is in ""Hello, My Name Is Doris,"" it doesn't seem premature at all. "	B+	fresh	Al Alexander	0	The Patriot Ledger	20160319
"A group of air crash survivors are stranded in the Mongolian desert with no chance of rescue. Facing a brutal environment, dwindling resources, and an attack by desert smugglers, they realize their only hope is doing the ""impossible""--building a new plane from the wreckage."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama		Edward Burns|Scott Frank	20041217	20050301		2/4	rotten	Paul Sherman	0	Boston Herald	20041227
Based on a Michael Crichton best-seller, Philip Kaufman's look at power, corruption and lies in Japanese-owned corporate America follows veteran-cop John Connor (Sean Connery) and his rookie partner Web Smith (Wesley Snipes) as they investigate the death of a prostitute whose body was found in the boardroom of a high-powered, Japanese-run Los Angeles conglomerate.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Philip Kaufman	David Mamet|Philip Kaufman|Michael Crichton|Michael Backes	19930730	20000620	A slick yet pedestrian thriller.	2.5/4	rotten	David N. Butterworth	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
Director Alexander Payne (Sideways, The Descendants) takes the helm for this black and white road trip drama starring Bruce Dern as a tempestuous Missouri father who's convinced he's won a million dollar magazine sweepstakes, and Will Forte as the son who grudgingly agrees to drive him to Nebraska to claim his winnings. Bob Odenkirk and Stacy Keach costar.	R	Drama	Alexander Payne	Bob Nelson	20131115	20140225	As an ode to fading small towns, and to the state its director once called home, it feels downright disingenuous.	C+	rotten		1	AV Club	20131114
Two young people with little in common are thrown together under unusual circumstances in this offbeat drama directed by Clara Law, who made a number of well-received films in Hong Kong before emigrating to Australia. Yoshiyashi (Rikiya Kurokawa) is an expert computer hacker and snake enthusiast who travels to Australia from his home in Tokyo to buy the car of his dreams -- a perfectly restored 1967 Citroen DS. However, when Yoshiyashi arrives at the home of the man selling the car, he makes a shocking discovery -- the owner has killed his wife and turned the gun on himself, leaving behind Deidre (Rose Byrne), the man's niece, who is both blind and emotionally unstable. As it turns out, the Citroen is still for sale, but now Yoshiyashi must make his deal with one of the man's relatives, who lives a five-day drive away. Yoshiyashi brings Deidre along for the ride, who in the course of the trip learns a lot about Yoshiyashi's studied cool, while he gets clearer perspective on the troubled past behind her impulsive eccentricity. The Goddess of 1967 was shown in competition at the 2000 Venice and Toronto film festivals.	NR	Comedy Drama Romance	Clara Law	Clara Law|Eddie L C Fong|Eddie Ling-Ching Fong	20000510	20070327	I get the sense that if this film really clicks with you, it is something that you'd really love and hold dear. I, on the other hand, just couldn't get into the film.	C	rotten	Jason Gorber	0	Film Scouts	20070621
"A has-been rock manager from Van Nuys, California stumbles upon a once-in-a-lifetime voice in a remote Afghan cave in Rock the Kasbah, a dramatic comedy inspired by stranger-than-fiction, real-life events and directed by Oscar winner Barry Levinson. Richie Lanz (Bill Murray), dumped and stranded in war-torn Kabul by his last remaining client (Zooey Deschanel), discovers Salima Khan (Leem Lubany), a Pashtun teenager with a beautiful voice and the courageous dream of becoming the first woman to compete on national television in Afghanistan's version of ""American Idol."" Richie partners with a savvy hooker (Kate Hudson), a pair of hard-partying war profiteers (Danny McBride and Scott Caan) and a hair-trigger mercenary (Bruce Willis) and, braving dangerous cultural prejudices, manages his new prot"	R	Drama	Barry Levinson	Mitch Glazer	20151023	20160202	Almost entirely reliant on star Bill Murray to crank up his cocktail-hour charms and save the day while the production slumps from one scene to the next. 	D	rotten	Brian Orndorf	0	Blu-ray.com	20151022
The popular anim	R	Action and Adventure Animation Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Special Interest		Keiko Nobumoto|Marc Handler	20030404	20030624	Honors the affectless beauty of the original anime art and maintains the outlaw boppiness of the series concept.	B+	fresh	Lisa Schwarzbaum	1	Entertainment Weekly	20030416
One of the most popular and influential video games ever makes its way to the big screen in this sci-fi thriller. A coalition of Earth's scientific and military interests have established a research colony called Olduvai on the planet Mars, but one day all communication from the outpost stops and no one can tell what has happened -- though the final messages suggest it's not good. Believing foul play may have overtaken Olduvai's crew, the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, a team of specially trained military personnel, are deployed to investigate the situation and, if necessary, eliminate the invaders. But Sarge (Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock) and Reaper (Karl Urban), leaders of the RRTS team, soon discover the situation is far more grim than they could have imagined. An experiment on Olduvai has very literally opened a portal to Hades, and a variety of savage and demonic creatures have overtaken the colony. Now the RRTS must seal off Olduvai, close off any access to Earth, and exterminate the satanic beasts before they can kill again. Doom also stars Rosamund Pike (as Dr. Grimm), Dexter Fletcher, Ben Daniels, and Deobia Oparei.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrzej Bartkowiak	Dave Callaham|Wesley Strick	20051021	20060207	There's no rule that videogame movies have to be idiotic. And there's no rule that action-horror flicks need be dumb.	2/5	rotten	Rob Gonsalves	0	eFilmCritic.com	20070730
"Once one of the world's top masked crime fighters, Bob Parr--known to all as ""Mr. Incredible""--fought evil and saved lives on a daily basis. But now fifteen years later, Bob and his wife--a famous superhero in her own right--have adopted civilian identities and retreated to the suburbs to live normal lives with their three kids. Now he's a clock-punching insurance claims adjuster fighting boredom and a bulging waistline. Itching to get back into action, Bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top-secret assignment."	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Brad Bird	Brad Bird	20041105	20050315	These are lovely characters, it's a witty script, there's lots of laughs.	4/5	fresh	David Stratton	0	At the Movies (Australia)	20150729
A blend of science fiction and noir detective fiction, Blade Runner (1982) was a box office and critical bust upon its initial exhibition, but its unique postmodern production design became hugely influential within the sci-fi genre, and the film gained a significant cult following that increased its stature. Harrison Ford stars as Rick Deckard, a retired cop in Los Angeles circa 2019. L.A. has become a pan-cultural dystopia of corporate advertising, pollution and flying automobiles, as well as replicants, human-like androids with short life spans built by the Tyrell Corporation for use in dangerous off-world colonization. Deckard's former job in the police department was as a talented blade runner, a euphemism for detectives that hunt down and assassinate rogue replicants. Called before his one-time superior (M. Emmett Walsh), Deckard is forced back into active duty. A quartet of replicants led by Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer) has escaped and headed to Earth, killing several humans in the process. After meeting with the eccentric Eldon Tyrell (Joe Turkel), creator of the replicants, Deckard finds and eliminates Zhora (Joanna Cassidy), one of his targets. Attacked by another replicant, Leon (Brion James), Deckard is about to be killed when he's saved by Rachael (Sean Young), Tyrell's assistant and a replicant who's unaware of her true nature. In the meantime, Batty and his replicant pleasure model lover, Pris (Darryl Hannah) use a dying inventor, J.F. Sebastian (William Sanderson) to get close to Tyrell and murder him. Deckard tracks the pair to Sebastian's, where a bloody and violent final confrontation between Deckard and Batty takes place on a skyscraper rooftop high above the city. In 1992, Ridley Scott released a popular director's cut that removed Deckard's narration, added a dream sequence, and excised a happy ending imposed by the results of test screenings; these legendary behind-the-scenes battles were chronicled in a 1996 tome, Future Noir: The Making of Blade Runner by Paul M. Sammon.	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ridley Scott	David Webb Peoples	19820625	19970827	Visually stunning detective story, and a defining work of science fiction.	5/5	fresh	Blake Davis	0	KFOR Channel 4 News	20040327
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	It's mostly to Cumberbatch's credit that The Imitation Game plays like a solid, engaging historical drama, interesting enough to suit audiences that aren't interested in either World War II history or technology.	2.5/4	fresh	Alissa Wilkinson	0	Christianity Today	20150104
The modern world holds many secrets, but the most astounding secret of all is that witches still live amongst us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world. Armies of witch hunters battled the unnatural enemy across the globe for centuries, including KAULDER, a valiant warrior who managed to slay the all-powerful QUEEN WITCH, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the QUEEN curses KAULDER with her own immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter in the afterlife. Today KAULDER is the only one of his kind remaining, and has spent centuries hunting down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost loved ones. However, unbeknownst to KAULDER, the QUEEN WITCH is resurrected and seeks revenge on her killer causing an epic battle that will determine the survival of the human race. (C) Summit	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Breck Eisner	Matt Sazama|Burk Sharpless|Cory Goodman	20151023	20160202	offers nothing of value	1.5/5	rotten	Bill Gibron	0	Film Racket	20151022
A successful and self-absorbed Los Angeles advertising executive switches airline tickets with a stranger just before boarding a long-delayed flight. When the stranger's plane goes down, killing all aboard, the executive has an epiphany. He later decides to track down the widow of the man he switched tickets with, and they soon fall in love; however she is unaware of the true connection between her late husband and this new love of her life.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Don Roos	Don Roos	20001117	20010410	A surprisingly complex examination of the personal and professional price of honesty; falsehoods, half-truths, little white lies and self-delusion.	8/10	fresh	Maitland McDonagh	0	TV Guide	20000101
To make waves on the campaign trail, a late-night political talkshow host runs for president--only to have his prank backfire when he actually wins the election.	PG	Comedy Television	Barry Levinson	Barry Levinson	20061013	20070220	Lame political comedy misses the mark.	2/5	rotten	Jane Boursaw	0	Common Sense Media	20110101
"Featuring an all-star comedy cast including Aubrey Plaza, Johnny Simmons, Bill Hader,Alia Shawkat, Sarah Steele, Rachel Bilson, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, DonaldGlover, Scott Porter, Andy Samberg, Connie Britton and Clark Gregg, ""The To Do List"" is a comedy about close friends and a special summer project, loosely inspired by the real-life adventures of first-time writer/director Maggie Carey. Set in 1993, valedictorian Brandy Klark wants to shed her uptight image before college, so she assembles a to do list of all the ""activities"" she missed out on in high school. Quickly realizing that she's way out of her depth, Brandy solicits her best friends, older sister and burnt-out boss for their help and advice. If the group is going to complete the list by September they'll need plenty of imagination and very open minds. (c) CBS Films"	R	Comedy	Maggie Carey	Maggie Carey	20130726	20131119	When I first wrote the headline for this review, I accidentally wrote, THE DO-DO LIST. I have never been so right.	1.5/4	rotten	Austin Kennedy	0	Film Geek Central	20130725
"It has been two decades since master filmmaker GEORGE A. ROMERO's zombies have stalked the screens of motion picture theaters. For years, fans around the world have been eagerly awaiting his return.And now that day is here.An all-new chapter of horror is about to begin...George A. Romero's Land of the Dead is the acclaimed director's long-awaited return to the genre he invented, beginning with the seminal Night of the Living Dead and continuing with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead.In Romero's harrowing newest vision, the world (as humankind has known it) is merely a memory. In its place is the never-ending nightmare existence of us-the living-versus them-the ""walkers."" What's left of mankind is cordoned off behind the walls of a fortified city while the walking dead roam the vast wasteland beyond. The few wealthy and powerful try to maintain an illusion of life as it was, dwelling high above the city in the exclusive towers of Fiddler's Green, the last bastion of the ruling class. On the streets below, however, the remaining, less fortunate of the city's inhabitants eke out a hard-scrabble life, seeking what little solace they can in the vices available-gambling, flesh trade, drugs-anything that offers even a fleeting respite from the hell their lives have become.Both the lofty heights of Fiddler's Green and the demoralizing lows of the city below are lorded over by a handful of ruthless opportunists, led by Kaufman (DENNIS HOPPER), who keeps his hands in everything, from real estate to less above-board pursuits. To bring food and other essential supplies to the occupants of the city and to allow the Green's well-to-do to acquire the scarce luxury items to which they were once accustomed, a hardened group of mercenaries-headed by Riley (SIMON BAKER) and his second-in-command, Cholo (JOHN LEGUIZAMO)-run retrieval missions outside the city, protected by their massive armored vehicle, Dead Reckoning. Riley and Cholo, like Kaufman, are in it for the money, which they hope to use for their own escapes- Riley to the North, with promises of ""a world without fences"" and freedom, and Cholo to the luxury of Fiddler's Green, far away from the violent life he has known.While Kaufman and his employees concern themselves with commerce, life is changing both within and beyond the walls of the city. Unrest and anarchy are on the rise among the city's disenfranchised and outside, the army of the dead is changing, evolving, learning to organize and communicate.When Cholo commandeers Dead Reckoning, intent on extorting millions out of Kaufman and his cronies, Riley and his ragtag group-including Slack (ASIA ARGENTO) and Charlie (ROBERT JOY)-are called into action to stop Cholo and, in the process, protect the city and its population from the growing army of evolving zombies storming its weakening perimeter.Universal Pictures and Atmosphere Entertainment MM present A Mark Canton-Bernie Goldmann and Romero-Grunwald Production, in association with Wild Bunch: George A. Romero's Land of the Dead, starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper, Asia Argento, Robert Joy and John Leguizamo. Written and directed by Romero, the film is produced by MARK CANTON (Taking Lives), PETER GRUNWALD (Monkey Shines) and BERNIE GOLDMANN (Taking Lives).Joining Romero behind the camera are director of photography MIROSLAW BASZAK (Picture Claire), production designer ARV GREYWAL (upcoming 16 Blocks), editor MICHAEL DOHERTY (New Blood), costume designer ALEX KAVANAGH (upcoming Saw 2) and composers REINHOLD HEIL and JOHNNY KLIMEK (Shattered Glass). STEVE BARNETT, DENNIS E. JONES, RYAN KAVANAUGH and LYNWOOD SPINKS serve as executive producers. --"	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense			20050624	20051018	It doesn't disappoint in the way of visceral thrills, and for a reportedly low-budget affair, the effects are pretty gruesome.	2.5/4	fresh	Jeff Vice	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20050625
Since they met at a party, ambitious high-flyer Nat and struggling novelist Josh have been deliriously happy despite their differences. Josh is a thinker, Nat's a doer..but the spark between them is undeniable. Their wedding is a dream come true, but family, friends and even the minister who marries them aren't convinced that they can last. Josh's ex-girlfriend, Chloe, and Nat's handsome American client Guy, could offer attractive alternatives. With their first anniversary approaching, neither wants to be the first to give up, but will they make it? (c) Magnolia	R	Art House and International Comedy Romance	Dan Mazer	Dan Mazer	20130809	20131022	"I Give It a Year"" is a smart farce that would make Hugh Grant and his fans proud."	3/4	fresh	Leba Hertz	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20130905
"A has-been rock manager from Van Nuys, California stumbles upon a once-in-a-lifetime voice in a remote Afghan cave in Rock the Kasbah, a dramatic comedy inspired by stranger-than-fiction, real-life events and directed by Oscar winner Barry Levinson. Richie Lanz (Bill Murray), dumped and stranded in war-torn Kabul by his last remaining client (Zooey Deschanel), discovers Salima Khan (Leem Lubany), a Pashtun teenager with a beautiful voice and the courageous dream of becoming the first woman to compete on national television in Afghanistan's version of ""American Idol."" Richie partners with a savvy hooker (Kate Hudson), a pair of hard-partying war profiteers (Danny McBride and Scott Caan) and a hair-trigger mercenary (Bruce Willis) and, braving dangerous cultural prejudices, manages his new prot"	R	Drama	Barry Levinson	Mitch Glazer	20151023	20160202	Some projects are just too misguided for the star to mug and shrug his way out of. Consider Rock the Kasbah at the top, or the bottom, of that list.	2/4	rotten	Steven Rea	1	Philadelphia Inquirer	20151022
Director Alexander Payne (Sideways, The Descendants) takes the helm for this black and white road trip drama starring Bruce Dern as a tempestuous Missouri father who's convinced he's won a million dollar magazine sweepstakes, and Will Forte as the son who grudgingly agrees to drive him to Nebraska to claim his winnings. Bob Odenkirk and Stacy Keach costar.	R	Drama	Alexander Payne	Bob Nelson	20131115	20140225	"Nebraska tunes its bittersweet ""personal journey"" riffs to the plaintive waltz of picked guitars and lyrical fiddles, played out against a backdrop of fading midwest towns and long, lonesome interstates."	4/5	fresh	Mark Kermode	0	Observer (UK)	20131208
"In this darkly comic drama, Edward Norton stars as a depressed young man (named in the credits only as ""Narrator"") who has become a small cog in the world of big business. He doesn't like his work and gets no sense of reward from it, attempting instead to drown his sorrows by putting together the ""perfect"" apartment. He can't sleep and feels alienated from the world at large; he's become so desperate to relate to others that he's taken to visiting support groups for patients with terminal diseases so that he'll have people to talk to. One day on a business flight, he discovers Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt), a charming iconoclast who sells soap. Tyler doesn't put much stock in the materialistic world, and he believes that one can learn a great deal through pain, misfortune, and chaos. Tyler cheerfully challenges his new friend to a fight. Our Narrator finds that bare-knuckle brawling makes him feel more alive than he has in years, and soon the two become friends and roommates, meeting informally to fight once a week. As more men join in, the ""fight club"" becomes an underground sensation, even though it's a closely guarded secret among the participants. (First rule: Don't talk about fight club. Second rule: Don't talk about fight club.) But as our Narrator and Tyler bond through violence, a strange situation becomes more complicated when Tyler becomes involved with Marla (Helena Bonham Carter), whom our Narrator became infatuated with when they were both crashing the support-group circuit. Based on the novel by Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club was directed by David Fincher, who previously directed Pitt in the thriller Seven."	R	Comedy Drama	David Fincher	Jim Uhls	19991015	20000606	[Fincher's] stunning visual style carries the film well past its faults.	3/4	fresh	Madeleine Williams	0	Cinematter	20000101
In the next exciting chapter of the international phenomenon STEP UP, all-stars from previous installments come together in glittering Las Vegas, battling for a victory that could define their dreams and their careers. (c) Lionsgate	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Romance	Trish Sie	John Swetnam	20140808	20141104	After its silly last installment, this series is now showing signs of growth and maturity but not enough to recommend the new feature.	2.5/5	rotten	John Hanlon	0	John Hanlon Reviews	20140809
Kat Ellis is looking for the right man -- now	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Clare Kilner	Dana Fox	20050204	20050816	A tossed bouquet full of dead flowers and bad jokes that belongs in the nearest trash receptacle.	1.5/4	rotten	Michael Wilmington	1	Chicago Tribune	20050203
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	Frances McDormand's performance is a highlight of the film. She plays the dour, hostile Mildred in a way that displays her rage and impatience frankly but without dulling the edge of humour in her perpetual antagonism.	3.5/5	fresh	Monica Reid	0	Far Out Magazine	20180827
Honeymooning newlyweds Cliff (Steve Zahn) and Cydney (Milla Jovovich) are hiking an 11-mile trail in Hawaii when they cross paths will ex-military man Nick (Timothy Olyphant), who earns their trust by helping them navigate a particularly treacherous mountain cliff. A few yards later, the trio runs into a group of girls whose parents are begging them to return home following reports that a honeymooning couple has been murdered on one of the other islands.	R	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	David Twohy	David Twohy	20090807	20091229	If you're going to make a cheesy psycho-killer thriller, just go ahead and embrace the Roquefort. Pretending it's anything else is only annoying.	1/5	rotten	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20090812
Based on the French film The Return of Martin Guerre, Sommersby is the story of a presumed-dead Confederate soldier (Richard Gere) who returns home to his wife (Jodie Foster). Neither his wife nor his friends can quite believe the changes the Civil War has made on the soldier, and soon several people begin to wonder if he is indeed the same man or if he is an imposter.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense Romance	Jon Amiel	Nicholas Meyer|Sarah Kernochan|Anthony Shaffer|Charles Mitchell	19930205	19990921	A square peg pounded into a round hole -- or, more exactly, a medieval European story that has been unsuccessfully updated to the period of the American Civil War.	2/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
Not to be confused with the 1960 film of the same name, this fast-paced karate action flick stars Chuck Norris, still riding high on his karate film successes of the early '80s, and several years away from starting his popular Walker: Texas Ranger TV series. In this story he plays Eddie Cusak, a painfully honest police sergeant who just misses pulling off a drug bust -- it seems another gang got there before him, wiped out the competition, and made off with a fortune in white powder. A bad move -- this means nothing less than all-out war between the two rival gangs, with the police caught in the middle. Cusak has other problems as well, one of his team killed an innocent bystander during the raid and he is duty-bound to squelch any cover-up. With enemies on both sides of the law, he then has to take on the drug cartel with nothing more than cannons, machine guns, shotguns, pistols, a robot car, and other sundry artillery to help him out.	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Andrew Davis	Dennis Shryack|Patrick Sheane Duncan|Michael Butler|Mike Gray	19850503	20001121	Walker: Texas Ranger - The Early Years	6	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	Apollo Guide	20010213
"Basketball superstar Michael Jordan and cartoon favorite Bugs Bunny team up with other basketball greats and Looney Tunes characters in this combination animated/live-action feature. Jordan must help the Looney Tunes gang with a basketball game against a group of outer space creatures whose plan, if they win, is to kidnap the Looney Tunes and take them to a failing intergalactic amusement park as the latest attraction. Also starring Academy Award-nominee Bill Murray (""Lost in Translation,"" ""Charlie's Angels"") and Wayne Knight (TV's ""Seinfeld,"" ""Rat Race""). Gene Shalit says this movie is ""for adults, kids, teenagers, women, men, boys, girls, old folks, young folks, Jordan fans, Bill Murray fans, Wayne Knight fans and every Looney Tunes lover who wants to revel in Bugs Bunny and his pals at their looney tuniest."""	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Joe Pytka	Leo Benvenuti|Steve Rudnick|Timothy Harris|Herschel Weingrod	19961115	19970827	Succeeds in reintroducing the Looney Tunes name, but fails to capture the imagination and sharpness that defined them originally.	6	rotten	Ryan Cracknell	0	Apollo Guide	20040307
Columnist Steve Lopez is at a dead end. The newspaper business is in an uproar, his marriage to a fellow journalist has fallen apart and he can't entirely remember what he loved about his job in the first place. Then, one day, while walking through Los Angeles' Skid Row, he sees the mysterious bedraggled figure Nathaniel Ayers, pouring his soul into a two-stringed violin. At first, Lopez approaches Ayers as just another story idea in a city of millions. But as he begins to unearth the mystery of how this alternately brilliant and distracted street musician, once a dynamic prodigy headed for fame, wound up living in tunnels and doorways, it sparks an unexpected quest. Imagining he can change Ayers' life, Lopez embarks on a quixotic mission to get him off the streets and back to the world of music. But even as he fights to save Ayers' life, he begins to see that it is Ayers--with his unsinkable passion, his freedom-loving obstinacy and his valiant attempts at connection and love--who is profoundly changing Lopez.	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Joe Wright	Susannah Grant	20090424	20090804	Wright has Jamie Foxx and Robert Downey Jr., both outstanding. Their performances make up for the meandering plot and occasional missteps; neither actor is ever anything less than compelling, giving The Soloist an emotional heft it might not have enjoyed.	3.5/5	fresh	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20090422
Jim Jarmusch takes his quirky, uniquely modern sensibilities back in time, with this western black comedy about a city slicker turned gunfighter, on the run with an enigmatic Indian buddy in the Northwest wilderness.	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Western	Jim Jarmusch	Jim Jarmusch	19950526	20010703	I was held by Depp's transformation from white-man non-entity to the Jarmusch version of the affectless Man With No Name.	5/5	fresh	Rob Gonsalves	0	eFilmCritic.com	20061230
New York City, not-too-distant-future: Eric Packer, a 28 year-old finance golden boy dreaming of living in a civilization ahead of this one, watches a dark shadow cast over the firmament of the Wall Street galaxy, of which he is the uncontested king. As he is chauffeured across midtown Manhattan to get a haircut at his father's old barber, his anxious eyes are glued to the yuan's exchange rate: it is mounting against all expectations, destroying Eric's bet against it. Eric Packer is losing his empire with every tick of the clock. Meanwhile, an eruption of wild activity unfolds in the city's streets. Petrified as the threats of the real world infringe upon his cloud of virtual convictions, his paranoia intensifies during the course of his 24-hour cross-town odyssey. Packer starts to piece together clues that lead him to a most terrifying secret: his imminent assassination. -- (C) Official Site	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Cronenberg	David Cronenberg|Don DeLillo	20120817	20130101	"Mr. Cronenberg's direction throughout ""Cosmopolis"" is impeccable, both inside the limo and out."	3.5/5	fresh	Manohla Dargis	1	New York Times	20120816
Claire, a brilliant student, seeks answers to the meaning of life in the calm of her biology laboratory. One day, she meets a mysterious young man, Jack, at the cinema, and is intrigued by his style, assurance and audacity. Apart from his artistic activities, Jack has a regular scam going, ripping off foreign businessmen with his loyal mate Charlie and two actresses. But his tough guy exterior conceals a secret passion for old books, and he dreams of writing a novel one day. Jack falls hard for Claire's purity and curiosity. An unusual romance develops between them. But Jack is scared of their growing intimacy and rejects Claire, withdrawing into his shell. Abandoned and confused, Claire gradually begins to neglect her studies and embarks on a spiraling course of self-destruction, whilst Jack, who tries to ignore her, concentrates on his criminal activities. However, a sharp detective, named Linda Fox, is following his dodgy tracks.	R	Art House and International Drama Mystery and Suspense Romance	Peter Sehr	Peter Sehr|Marie Noelle	20030606	20031028	The movie is of the sort that relies exclusively on charm and charisma. Love the Hard Way has neither.	1/4	rotten	John Anderson	1	Newsday	20030605
Director Alexander Payne (Sideways, The Descendants) takes the helm for this black and white road trip drama starring Bruce Dern as a tempestuous Missouri father who's convinced he's won a million dollar magazine sweepstakes, and Will Forte as the son who grudgingly agrees to drive him to Nebraska to claim his winnings. Bob Odenkirk and Stacy Keach costar.	R	Drama	Alexander Payne	Bob Nelson	20131115	20140225	Nebraska is black and white ninja of sentiment. You won't know what hit you until the damage has already been done.	8.5/10	fresh	William Bibbiani	0	CraveOnline	20131115
Ever since his wife was burned in a car crash, Dr. Robert Ledgard, an eminent plastic surgeon, has been interested in creating a new skin with which he could have saved her. After twelve years, he manages to cultivate a skin that is a real shield against every assault. In addition to years of study and experimentation, Robert needed a further three things: no scruples, an accomplice and a human guinea pig. Scruples were never a problem. Marilia, the woman who looked after him from the day he was born, is his most faithful accomplice. And as for the human guinea pig...-- (C) Sony	R	Art House and International Drama Mystery and Suspense			20111014	20120306	Even a second level Almodovar is better than most other people. 	4/5	fresh	David Stratton	0	At the Movies (Australia)	20111201
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	What the movie does that the book couldn't do is tap into the poignancy that comes of seeing two stars who used to be young and beautiful suddenly looking very mortal.	2.5/4	fresh	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20020618
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	[Gus Van Sant is] an incredible visual artist who can use the camera to capture seemingly languorous interludes that are, in fact, riveting to the eye and mind.	A-	fresh	Robin Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20080308
On the morning of his re-election, the President decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his black and white view of the world, holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President's apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut (and the President's personal fave), the weekly talent show American Dreamz. America can't seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed, ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally, a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend, and Omer, a recent Southern Californian immigrant (who just happens to be a bumbling, show tune singing, would-be terrorist awaiting activation). When both Sally and Omer make it to the final round of Dreamz -- where the President will be judging along with Tweed -- the stage is set for a show the nation will never forget.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Paul Weitz	Paul Weitz	20060421	20061003	[Grant] is a brilliant comedian, with an ability to be hilariously selfish and egocentric without turning off the audience.	3/4	fresh	Willie Waffle	0	WaffleMovies.com	20060420
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in Miami...and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal, saving themselves not only from losing Dave but possibly from gaining a terrible stepbrother. (C) Fox	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Walt Becker		20151218	20160315	The franchise squeaks past with a so-so sequel that barely improves on what came before. Our only hope is that at some point they'll have to hibernate.	2/5	rotten	Philip De	0	Empire Magazine	20160211
"Love means never having to say that you're ugly in the extravagant fantasy film Enemy Mine. Earthling Dennis Quaid is Davidge, one of many space warriors engaged in a bloody extraterrestrial battle against the Draconians. Crash-landing on a faraway planet, Davidge is forced into an ""up close and personal"" with the Drac (Lou Gossett Jr.), a repellant, reptilian creature. Evidently a bivalve, the Drac gives birth to a baby Drac just before expiring. Now a reluctant foster father, Davidge tries to keep himself and the baby alive while the war continues to rage all around them. The special effects (courtesy Industrial Light and Magic) are serviceable if not brilliant, and the acting is okay so far as it goes. What socks over Enemy Mine is Rolf Zehetbauer's awe-inspiring production design and Chris Walas' superb makeup work. Though a favorite on home video, the film deserves to be seen on a wide theatre screen."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Wolfgang Petersen	Edward Khmara	19851220	20010327	Engrossing	1/5	rotten	Staci Layne	0	Fantastica Daily	20041220
A Victorian English lord hosts a black-magic ceremony that resurrects Count Dracula in this, the fourth Hammer horror production to feature the notorious vampire. When the lord is killed, the vampire sets out to avenge his death, utilizing the killer's own children.	R	Art House and International Classics Drama Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Peter Sasdy	Anthony Hinds|John Elder	19700607	20040427	A strong cast and some interesting relationships make this a worthwhile entry, although the denouement is lamentably laughable.	2.5/4	fresh	Matt Brunson	0	Creative Loafing	20151010
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	Its commercial compromises cripple it as a movie.	2.5/4	rotten	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20051218
"David Wagner is a Nineties kid with a Fifties addiction. He's hooked on reruns of a classic television show called ""Pleasantville,"" set in a simple place where everyone is swell and perky, ""confrontation"" is a dirty word and life is pleasingly pleasant. Addicted to this utopian world, David immerses himself in ""Pleasantville"" as an innocent escape from the trouble-plagued real world that he must share with his ultra-hip, totally popular twin sister, Jennifer. But one evening, life takes a bizarre twist when a peculiar repairman gives him a strange remote control, which zaps David and his sister straight into Pleasantville. All the repressed desires of life in the Fifties begin to boil up through the people of Pleasantville, changing their lives in strange and wonderful ways that none of them had even dared to dream of, until they were visited by two kids from the real world."	PG-13	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gary Ross	Gary Ross	19981023	19990323	One of the few recent Hollywood films out there that has used new digital technology to truly engage the viewer, and make possible a thoughtful story.	4/5	fresh	Almar Haflidason	0	BBC.com	20011217
"Steven Spielberg filters J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan through a distinctly 1990s sensibility in Hook. Peter Pan has become Peter Banning (Robin Williams), a 40-year-old mergers and acquisitions lawyer with a permanent scowl on his face and a cellular phone in his belt. Banning has lost any memory of being Peter Pan, and he is also in danger of losing his wife Moira (Caroline Goodall) and two children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott). Peter and his family travel to London to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith) who recalls Peter's lost youth and asks him, ""Peter, dear, don't you know who you are?"" With Peter's children asleep in the same bedroom where the original Peter Pan story began, there is a blinding flash. Peter comes into the room to discover a note from Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman), informing Peter that he has kidnapped his children. Granny Wendy now tells him who he really is and encourages him to re-discover his happy thoughts, transform himself into the Peter Pan of the past, and go rescue his children. With the encouragement of Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), Peter recalls the birth of his son and once again takes wing. Then it's off to Never Land to rescue his kids."	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg		19911211	20000321	It should have been great but it just doesn't have enough magic dust to fly.	2/5	rotten	Gerry Shamray	0	Your Movies (cleveland.com)	20030207
"Successful restaurateur Will Keane is on the verge of turning fifty, yet he's still quite the playboy with a persistent case of commitment-phobia. When he meets Charlotte Fielding, a free spirited woman half his age, he expects another quick and easy romance. But their nothing about their relationship is quick or easy. Instead their encounters are rife with intergenerational clashes, differing philosophies and an urgent sense of sensuality and connection. Just when Will is tempted to bail out with his usual line about ""not promising forever,"" Charlotte responds with reasons of her own about why she feels this relationship can't last forever -- she's dying."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Joan Chen	Allison Burnett	20000811	20011114	The picture is a veritable bouquet of ardent cliches and witless sentiments.	0.5/5	rotten	Rita Kempley	1	Washington Post	20000101
From the creators of Scary Movie and Date Movie comes this tongue-in-cheek parody of the sword-and-sandal epics, dubbed Meet the Spartans. The 20th Century Fox production was written and directed by the filmmaking team of Jason Friedberg and Aaron Seltzer. Sure, Leonidas may have nothing more than a cape and some leather underwear to protect him from the razor-sharp swords of his Persian enemies, but that won't stop the brave leader and his team of 13 warriors from defending their beloved homeland against a powerful invading force that includes the likes of a mutant Paris Hilton, the Transformers, the Ghost Rider, and Rocky Balboa.	PG-13	Comedy	Jason Friedberg|Aaron Seltzer	Aaron Seltzer|Jason Friedberg	20080125	20080603	Obviously, it's rubbish.	1/5	rotten	Simon Braund	0	Empire Magazine	20080320
The true-life story of a coach who tries to teach his players that there's more to life than basketball is brought to the screen in this sports drama. Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) was once a star player on the Richmond High School basketball team in Richmond, CA, and years later, after establishing himself in publishing and marketing, he returns to the school and to the team as the new basketball coach. Carter quickly sees that his work is cut out for him -- the team is having an awful season, and their fights off the court are more decisive than their play on the court. While Carter wants to make the Richmond cagers into a winning team, he also wants a lot more -- to teach the boys to respect themselves and one another, and that they must excel in the classroom as well as in the gymnasium. Under Carter's guidance, the team turns their losing season around, with the state title a genuine possibility. However, when Carter learns that a number of his players have let their grade point averages slip below 2.3, as mandated in a contract he entered into with the students, he decides to lock the team out of the gym and send them into study hall until their marks improve. Carter's plan quickly becomes a subject of controversy among parents and team boosters, and their objections are soon picked up by the local news media, many of whom are not sympathetic to Carter's belief that his players must have goals beyond college ball or the NBA. Coach Carter also features Rob Brown and Rick Gonzalez as members of the team, and R&amp;B; diva Ashanti in her film debut as the girlfriend of one of Carter's players.	PG-13	Drama	Thomas Carter	Mark Schwahn|John Gatins	20050114	20050621	As the film grinds on, without any actual actors to work against, Jackson starts to look marooned and eventually seems to give up trying.	1.5/4	rotten	Chris Barsanti	0	Slant Magazine	20050112
Directed by Clint Eastwood, the mysterious drama Mystic River is based on the novel by Dennis Lehane and adapted by screenwriter Brian Helgeland. Set in an Irish neighborhood in Boston, Jimmy, Sean, and Dave are three childhood friends who are reunited after a brutal murder takes place. Reformed convict Jimmy Markum (Sean Penn) and his devoted wife Annabeth (Laura Linney) find out that their teenage daughter Katie (Emmy Rossum) has been beaten and killed. Jimmy's old friend Sean Devine (Kevin Bacon) is the homicide detective assigned to the case, along with partner Whitey Powers (Laurence Fishburne). Jimmy also gets his relatives, the Savage brothers (Adam Nelson and Robert Wahlberg), to conduct an investigation of their own. Jimmy and Sean both start to suspect their old pal, Dave Boyle (Tim Robbins), who lives a quiet life with his wife Celeste (Marcia Gay Harden) but harbors some disturbing secrets. Clint Eastwood won a Golden Coach for Mystic River at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Clint Eastwood	Brian Helgeland	20031008	20040608	Eastwood tells the story simply, barely moving the camera. The only special effect in this film is genius.	A	fresh	Joel Siegel	0	Good Morning America	20180104
First-time director Vincent Gallo stars in this self-consciously stylized story of a social misfit who's rescued from emotional annihilation by the girl he kidnaps.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama	Vincent Gallo	Vincent Gallo|Alison Bagnall	19980626	20000201		B+	fresh	Bryant Frazer	0	Bryant Frazer's Deep Focus	20000101
A woman is forced to prove her own sanity to save the life of her daughter in this taut thriller. Kyle Pratt (Jodie Foster) is a successful aircraft designer who has recently been dealing with the traumatic death of her husband. After traveling to Berlin on business with her six-year-old daughter, Julia (Marlene Lawston), Kyle falls asleep on their flight back to New York, only to discover that her daughter has gone missing. While not knowing where Julia has gone is troubling enough, even more disturbing is the insistence by sky marshal Gene Carson (Peter Sarsgaard) and Captain Rich (Sean Bean) that no records indicate that the child ever boarded the jet. As Kyle becomes increasingly desperate to find her daughter, she must prove to the men in charge that her daughter did in fact board the plane with her, and that this turn of events is not a product of her imagination. But if Julia has gone missing, who has taken her and why? Also starring Erika Christensen and Kate Beahan, Flightplan was the first English-language feature from German director Robert Schwentke.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Robert Schwentke		20050923	20060124	Jodie Foster's fiercely intelligent performance drives this disappointing thriller, whose taut, carefully constructed first half is sadly negated by its implausible and -- worst of all -- unengaging conclusion.	2/4	rotten	Maitland McDonagh	0	TV Guide	20050923
"James White (Christopher Abbott) is a troubled twenty-something trying to stay afloat in a frenzied New York City. He retreats further into a self-destructive, hedonistic lifestyle, but as his mother (Cynthia Nixon) battles a serious illness James is forced to take control of his life. As the pressure on him mounts, James must find new reserves of strength or risk imploding completely. The directorial debut of MARTHA MARCY MAY MARLENE producer Josh Mond, JAMES WHITE, which had its world premiere at Sundance Film Festival 2014 where it was the winner of the ""Best of Next"" Audience Award, is a confident and closely observed debut that explores loss and the deep relationship between a mother and son. Abbott's strong central performance is aided by a stellar supporting cast featuring Cynthia Nixon (""Sex and the City""), Scott ""Kid Cudi"" Mescudi (""Comedy Bang"	R	Drama	Josh Mond	Josh Mond	20151113	20160322	A film that criticizes society and the way it focuses on vanity and other superfluous things. [Full review in Spanish]	4/5	fresh		0		20160428
"Successful restaurateur Will Keane is on the verge of turning fifty, yet he's still quite the playboy with a persistent case of commitment-phobia. When he meets Charlotte Fielding, a free spirited woman half his age, he expects another quick and easy romance. But their nothing about their relationship is quick or easy. Instead their encounters are rife with intergenerational clashes, differing philosophies and an urgent sense of sensuality and connection. Just when Will is tempted to bail out with his usual line about ""not promising forever,"" Charlotte responds with reasons of her own about why she feels this relationship can't last forever -- she's dying."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Joan Chen	Allison Burnett	20000811	20011114	Weak and unmemorable.	1/4	rotten	Scott Nash	0	Three Movie Buffs	20030927
Michael Douglas stars with red-hot Sharon Stone in this groundbreaking and controversial film that redefined the genre of the sexy thriller.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense Romance	Paul Verhoeven	Joe Eszterhas	19920320	19970826	Could we be ready to stop snickering about it and admit to its status as a modern classic?	4/4	fresh	Ian Waldron-Mantgani	0	UK Critic	20030216
Set in rural America in 1964, an immigrant and single mother who works at a factory takes refuge from her hardships by imagining herself and her co-workers in Hollywood musicals.	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Lars von Trier	Lars von Trier	20000923	20010320		C	rotten	Robert Denerstein	1	Denver Rocky Mountain News	20000101
"""Into the Blue"" is a high-stakes thriller set in the deep, shark-infested waters of the Bahamas. When young divers discover the wreckage of a cargo plane at the bottom of the sea, they believe their dream of buried treasure has come true. What they don't realize is that millions of dollars of illegal goods are in that sunken plane and a group of dangerous criminals are already desperately searching for it. As tensions mount and the friends begin to fight about what to do with their find, others get closer to discovering their secret -- and the treasure hunters quickly become the hunted."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Stockwell	Matt Johnson	20050930	20051226	Buff bods. Fantastic fish. Silly thriller twists, trolled along at a leisurely but increasingly suspenseful pace. Some funny lines and a shark attack or two. Did we mention there are buff bods?	3/4	fresh	Bob Strauss	0	Los Angeles Daily News	20050930
A man who writes the book on ending a romance runs into rough sledding while starting a new one in this comedy. Quincy (Jamie Foxx) is a magazine editor whose life takes an unexpected turn for the worse when his fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Daniel Taplitz	Daniel Taplitz	20040514	20041012	...may be fluff, but it is patient, character-driven fluff.	3/5	fresh	Uri Lessing	0	www.kcactive.com	20050725
Convinced that a series of coincidences involving a doorman hold some secret to life's largest riddles, Albert Markovski seeks the help of a detective agency unlike any other--which leads him down a path that questions the essence of existence itself. In an attempt to ferret out the meaning of these flukes, he consults Bernard and Vivian Jaffe, AKA the Existential Detectives, a pair of married metaphysicians who fearlessly investigate the mysteries at the core of their clients' secret innermost lives. Bernard and Vivian kick off their existential exploration of Albert Markovski by probing his past and present reality. Along the way, they uncover his festering conflict with Brad Stand, a golden boy executive climbing the corporate ladder at Huckabees, a popular chain of retail super-stores that wants to sponsor Albert's Open Spaces Coalition for the PR value. The Existential Detectives are convinced that Brad (seemingly Albert's opposite) is the key to cracking Albert's case, but then Brad turns the tables on their investigation, by hiring the detectives himself. As Bernard and Vivian begin to dig deeper into Brad's ambition and his relationship with Huckabees' hot blonde spokes model Dawn, Albert begins to lose faith and rebels against their conclusions. Pairing up with another of the duo's clients--firefighter, tough guy and uncompromising soul searcher Tommy--he joins forces with the Jaffes' arch nemesis, the sexy French philosopher Caterine Vauban, who valiantly battles for the contrasting point of view. Now, as Being chases Nothingness, Albert, Tommy, Brad, Dawn, Bernard, Vivian and Caterine chase one another in a wild romp through life's biggest questions to find the true answer.	R	Comedy Drama			20041001	20050222	David O. Russell's I Heart Huckabees is content to wallow in obscurantist quirk and flash.	2/4	rotten	Keith Uhlich	0	Slant Magazine	20040926
Ramin Serry explores such issues as global politics, ideological conflict, and puberty in this coming-of-age film about being an Iranian-American teenager during the Islamic Revolution in 1979. Maryam (Mariam Parris) longs to be just a normal New Jersey 16-year-old, but her traditionalist father Darius (Shaun Toub) keeps her on a short rein. Maryam's modest goal is further hampered when her Iranian cousin Ali (David Ackert) comes to stay with them. Though Ali's stridently fundamentalist views represent all that Maryam has come to resent, the two gradually form a friendship of sorts. Meanwhile, Ali's vehement anti-Shah beliefs, coupled with his knowledge of a dark family secret, creates tension between himself and Darius. At the same time, Maryam notices a change in her neighbors' reactions toward her family as the conflict in Iran grows ever more ugly. This film was screened at the 2000 L.A. Independent Film Festival.	NR	Drama	Ramin Serry	Ramin Serry	20020222	20030812		4.5/5	fresh		0	Film Threat	20051206
Stanley Kubrick's second film, Killer's Kiss was summed up by one influential critic as an experiment in esoterica. Filmed on a budget of	NR	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Stanley Kubrick		19550928	20010515	Killer's Kiss is no one's idea of a great film but it displays much evidence of future brilliance.	3.5/4	fresh		0	TV Guide	20070212
"DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" is a heart-breaking drama about fate, love, moral dilemmas and the lengths to which one couple will go to see their dreams realized. Starring Academy Award (R) and Golden Globe (R) nominee Michael Fassbender, Oscar (R) winner Alicia Vikander, Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Rachel Weisz, Bryan Brown and Jack Thompson, the film is written for the screen and directed by Derek Cianfrance based on the acclaimed novel by M.L. Stedman. The producers are Academy Award nominee David Heyman, p.g.a. and Jeffrey Clifford, p.g.a. with Tom Karnowski, Rosie Alison, Jeff Skoll and Jonathan King serving as executive producers. In the years following World War I, Tom Sherbourne (Michael Fassbender), a young veteran still numb from his years in combat, takes a job as lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, a remote island off the coast of Western Australia. As the island's sole inhabitant, he finds comfort in the monotony of the chores and the solitude of his surroundings. When he meets the daughter of the school's headmaster, Isabel Graysmark (Alicia Vikander), in the local town of Partageuse on the mainland, Tom is immediately captivated by her beauty, wit and passion, and they are soon married and living on the island. As their love flourishes, he begins to feel again, their happiness marred only by their inability to start a family, so when a rowboat with a dead man and infant girl mysteriously washes ashore, Isabel believes their prayers may have finally been answered. As a man of principle, Tom is torn between reporting the lost child and pleasing the woman he loves, and against his better judgment he agrees to let Isabel raise the child as their own, making a choice with devastating consequences. DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" opens in U.S. theaters on September 2nd."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Derek Cianfrance	Derek Cianfrance	20160902	20170124	It probably goes without saying, but tissues are a must.	3/5	fresh	Francesca Rudkin	0	New Zealand Herald	20161104
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	In spite of Amelia Vincent's toothsome cinematography and the down-home locations, the movie often has the lumbering, literal-minded rhythms of a second-rate stage play -- not a moan or a howl, but a slow, anxious groan.	2/5	rotten		1	New York Times	20070302
When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a contemporary Southwestern setting.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joel Coen|Ethan Coen	Ethan Coen|Joel Coen	20071121	20090407	The Coens have found the perfect source material to continue their dominance of the crime genre while making a second viewing an absolute must to appreciate all the voices involved.	4/4	fresh	Erik Childress	0	eFilmCritic.com	20071108
Through a series of misunderstandings, Alvin, Simon and Theodore come to believe that Dave is going to propose to his new girlfriend in Miami...and dump them. They have three days to get to him and stop the proposal, saving themselves not only from losing Dave but possibly from gaining a terrible stepbrother. (C) Fox	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Walt Becker		20151218	20160315	If you're looking for something to amuse the kids on a cold, windy afternoon then Road Chip is bearable enough -- just. But a fifth film would really be a stretch.	2.5/5	rotten	Rob Carnevale	0	Indie London	20160211
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	The process of figuring out the moment the movie re-imagines the Battle of the Bulge with a bare-chested guardsman and a pike is more than worth the price of admission.	3/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20020712
In this action-horror flick from director Robert Rodriguez and screenwriter Quentin Tarantino, Tarantino stars with George Clooney as a pair of bad-to-the-bone brothers named Seth and Richie Gecko. After a string of robberies that left a river of blood in the Geckos' wake, the sadistic siblings head to Mexico to live the good life. To get over the border, they kidnap Jacob Fuller, a widowed preacher played by Harvey Keitel, and his two children, Kate (Juliette Lewis) and Scott (Ernest Liu). Once south of the border, the quintet park their RV at a rough-and-tumble trucker bar called The Titty Twister, where Seth and Richie are supposed to meet a local thug. After a couple of drinks, they realize that they're not in a typical bar, as the entire place begins to teem with vicious, blood-sucking vampires. With the odds stacked greatly against them, the Fullers and Geckos team together in hopes of defeating the creatures of the night. Makeup artist Tom Savini and blaxploitation star Fred Williamson appear as allies against the vampires, and Cheech Marin fills three different roles.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Robert Rodriguez	Robert Krutzman|Quentin Tarantino	19960119	19980615	A weird double-bill in itself: Part one's a crime drama, part two vampire splatter flick. It's an awkward pairing, but there's fun to be had.	4/5	fresh	Luke Y. Thompson	0	New Times	20030109
Director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) helmed this sci-fi thriller inspired by the stories in Isaac Asimov's nine-story anthology of the same name. In the future presented in the film, humans have become exceedingly dependent on robots in their everyday lives. Robots have become more and more advanced, but each one is preprogrammed to always obey humans and to, under no circumstances, ever harm a human. So, when a scientist turns up dead and a humanoid robot is the main suspect, the world is left to wonder if they are as safe around their electronic servants as previously thought. Will Smith stars as Del Spooner, the robot-hating Chicago cop assigned to the murder investigation. Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, and Chi McBride also star.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Alex Proyas	Akiva Goldsman|Jeff Vintar	20040716	20041214	If you are looking for proof that Hollywood has completely run out of ideas, check out I, Robot.	3/5	rotten	Uri Lessing	0	www.kcactive.com	20050725
"The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey follows title character Bilbo Baggins, who is swept into an epic quest to reclaim the lost Dwarf Kingdom of Erebor, which was long ago conquered by the dragon Smaug. Approached out of the blue by the wizard Gandalf the Grey, Bilbo finds himself joining a company of thirteen dwarves led by the legendary warrior Thorin Oakenshield. Although their goal lies to the East and the wastelands of the Lonely Mountain, first they must escape the goblin tunnels, where Bilbo meets the creature that will change his life forever... Gollum. Here, alone with Gollum, on the shores of an underground lake, the unassuming Bilbo Baggins not only discovers depths ofguile and courage that surprise even him, he also gains possession of Gollum's ""precious"" ...a simple, gold ring that is tied to the fate of all Middle-earth in ways Bilbo cannot begin to know. -- (C) Warner Bros"	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Peter Jackson	Peter Jackson|Philippa Boyens|Guillermo del Toro|Fran Walsh	20121214	20130319	Instead of simply adapting Tolkien's novel, Jackson has opted to use the story as a jumping off point for a convoluted prequel that threatens to do for Middle Earth what George Lucas's Star Wars prequels did for a galaxy far, far away.	2/5	rotten	Steve Biodrowski	0	Cinefantastique	20121215
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	Hopkins catches the essence of Hitchcock as artist and con man. And Mirren is stellar as his wife and secret weapon. The pleasure of their company adds sparkle to this unexpectedly poignant look at a career and a marriage. 	3/4	fresh	Peter Travers	1	Rolling Stone	20121120
"A comedy drama set on a Yorkshire chicken farm in 1950s England, the story follows the turbulent romance between Rocky the Rooster and Ginger the chicken, both of whom yearn for freedom and are planning a daring ""prisoner of war"" style escape. Both chickens are tired of being repressed and know they face an eventual certain death, so in planning their escape, they rally with their fellow chickens."	G	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Drama Kids and Family	Peter Lord|Nick Park	Jack Rosenthal|Karey Kirkpatrick	20000621	20001121		4.5/5	fresh	Jeremiah Kipp	0	ToxicUniverse.com	20020127
Since the moment they met at age 5, Rosie (Lily Collins) and Alex (Sam Claflin) have been best friends, facing the highs and lows of growing up side by side. A fleeting shared moment, one missed opportunity, and the decisions that follow send their lives in completely different directions. As each navigates the complexities of life, love, and everything in between, they always find their way back to each other - but is it just friendship, or something more? Based on Cecelia Ahern's bestselling novel, LOVE, ROSIE is a heart-warming, modern comedy-of-errors posing the ultimate question: do we really only get one shot at true love?(C) Film Arcade	R	Comedy Romance	Christian Ditter	Juliette Towhidi	20150206	20150505	Love, Rosie is quaint comfort-cinema that makes for an amiable watch.	3.5/5	fresh	Mohar Basu	0	The Times of India	20171108
A couple's strength and faith are tested after the wife is injured in a car crash and husband becomes attracted to another woman.	PG-13	Drama Horror	Bill Duke	Brian Bird	20090109	20090407	There is a lot more grit and realism on display here than most faith-based movies.	3/4	fresh	Michael Dequina	0	TheMovieReport.com	20090114
Television actor-turned-director Brian Robbins follows up Varsity Blues (1999) and Ready to Rumble (2000) with another sports comedy. Keanu Reeves stars as Conor O'Neill, an underachiever and inveterate sports gambler who needs a bailout loan from a friend to pay off his mounting debt. As a condition for receiving the necessary funds, Conor is saddled with coaching a corporate-sponsored Little League baseball team for underprivileged youth in Chicago's notorious Cabrini Green housing project. Reluctant at first, Conor slowly begins to enjoy his new authority role, especially when he makes the acquaintance of his players' attractive teacher, Elizabeth Wilkes (Diane Lane). Based on the real-life chronicle Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Outside magazine editor Daniel Coyle, Hardball also stars D.B. Sweeney and Mike McGlone.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Brian Robbins	John Gatins	20010914	20020219	Hardball is a softball, and this umpire calls it out at first base.	3/5	rotten	Nell Minow	0	Movie Mom	20010912
Convinced that a series of coincidences involving a doorman hold some secret to life's largest riddles, Albert Markovski seeks the help of a detective agency unlike any other--which leads him down a path that questions the essence of existence itself. In an attempt to ferret out the meaning of these flukes, he consults Bernard and Vivian Jaffe, AKA the Existential Detectives, a pair of married metaphysicians who fearlessly investigate the mysteries at the core of their clients' secret innermost lives. Bernard and Vivian kick off their existential exploration of Albert Markovski by probing his past and present reality. Along the way, they uncover his festering conflict with Brad Stand, a golden boy executive climbing the corporate ladder at Huckabees, a popular chain of retail super-stores that wants to sponsor Albert's Open Spaces Coalition for the PR value. The Existential Detectives are convinced that Brad (seemingly Albert's opposite) is the key to cracking Albert's case, but then Brad turns the tables on their investigation, by hiring the detectives himself. As Bernard and Vivian begin to dig deeper into Brad's ambition and his relationship with Huckabees' hot blonde spokes model Dawn, Albert begins to lose faith and rebels against their conclusions. Pairing up with another of the duo's clients--firefighter, tough guy and uncompromising soul searcher Tommy--he joins forces with the Jaffes' arch nemesis, the sexy French philosopher Caterine Vauban, who valiantly battles for the contrasting point of view. Now, as Being chases Nothingness, Albert, Tommy, Brad, Dawn, Bernard, Vivian and Caterine chase one another in a wild romp through life's biggest questions to find the true answer.	R	Comedy Drama			20041001	20050222	the kind of original, clever, off-kilter filmmaking that's easy to appreciate, but hard to like	2/4	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20041019
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	Positively explodes with a surfeit of pent-up creative energy that unfortunately doesn't know when to stop.	2.5/4	fresh	Susan Wloszczyna	1	RogerEbert.com	20160923
Kevin Smith's follow-up to his unexpected hit Clerks details the pointless story of T.S. (Jeremy London) and Brodie (Jason Lee), two suburban New Jersey slackers who decide to head to the mall in search of solace after being dumped by their girlfriends (Shannon Doherty and Claire Forlani, respectively). There the two young men machinate to appear on a game show being staged and also manage to meet comic-book magnate Stan Lee. However, complications arise when the girls show up.	R	Comedy	Kevin Smith	Kevin Smith	19951020	20000718	A surprisingly clever and hilariously bizarre take on the Gen-X teen experience.	3.5/5	fresh	Christine James	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20020605
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	Scatty, intriguing but slightly undercooked ...	3/5	rotten	Trevor Johnston	1	Time Out	20130205
"Former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) partners with ex-con Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) on the opposite side of the law. Dwayne Johnson joins returning favorites Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris ""Ludacris"" Bridges, Matt Schulze, Sung Kang, Gal Gadot, Tego Calderon and Don Omar for this ultimate high-stakes race. Since Brian and Mia Toretto (Brewster) broke Dom out of custody, they've blown across many borders to elude authorities. Now backed into a corner in Rio de Janeiro, they must pull one last job in order to gain their freedom. As they assemble their elite team of top racers, the unlikely allies know their only shot of getting out for good means confronting the corrupt businessman who wants them dead. But he's not the only one on their tail. Hard-nosed federal agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) never misses his target. -- (C) Universal"	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Justin Lin	Chris Morgan	20110429	20111004	Originality isn't Fast Five's goal so much as distillation; Lin's aim is to make the ultimate version of a Fast and the Furious film and the third time appears to be the charm for him as director. Fast Five is the best of the series.	6.5/10	fresh	Joshua Starnes	0	ComingSoon.net	20110429
"Mark Felt - The Man Who Brought Down the White House centers on ""Deep Throat"", the pseudonym given to the notorious whistleblower for one of the greatest scandals of all time, Watergate. The true identity of the secret informant remained a mystery and source of much public curiosity and speculation for more than 30 years. That is until, in 2005, special agent Mark Felt shockingly revealed himself as the tipster. This unbelievable true story chronicles the personal and professional life of the brilliant and uncompromising Felt, who risked and ultimately sacrificed everything - his family, his career, his freedom - in the name of justice."	PG-13	Drama	Peter Landesman	Peter Landesman	20170929	20180109	Unfortunately, while their performances are intriguing at best, they all appear to be misplaced in this biographical drama. Blame it largely on shoddy writing and direction by Peter Landesman, who appears to be out of his depth.	3/5	rotten	Neil Soans	0	The Times of India	20171208
Guy Maddin and George Toles wrote this bizarre, stylish, and sometimes hilarious comedy, done in a mock-Expressionist style, about the 19th-century Alpine village of Tolzbad and its inhabitants dark secrets of incest, suicide, murder, and ghostly hauntings.	R	Comedy Drama Special Interest	Guy Maddin	Guy Maddin	19930827	20090324	An acquired taste, Maddin is an unusually precise director who leaves little to chance. Whether one finds his approach too careful or just stunningly controlled will be up to individual cineastes.	3/4	fresh		0	TV Guide	20070508
"When their new guardians forbid 16-year old Andi and her younger brother, Bruce to have a pet, Andi has to use her quick wit to help find a new home for their dog, Friday. The resourceful kids stumble upon an abandoned hotel and using Bruce's talents as a mechanical genius, transform it into a magical dog-paradise for Friday--and eventually for all Friday's friends. When barking dogs make the neighbors suspicious, Andi and Bruce use every invention they have to avoid anyone discovering ""who let the dogs in."""	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family	Thor Freudenthal	Jeff Lowell|Lois Duncan|Robert Schooley|Mark McCorkle	20090116	20090428	Beverly Hills Chihuahua may not be comic gold, but it at least tried to throw in some entertainment for the adults in the crowd.	C	rotten	Laura Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20090116
Friends with Kids is a daring and poignant ensemble comedy about a close-knit circle of friends at that moment in life when children arrive and everything changes. The last two singles in the group observe the effect that kids have had on their friends' relationships and wonder if there's a better way. They decide to have a kid together - and date other people. There are big laughs and unexpected emotional truths as this unconventional 'experiment' leads everyone in the group to question the nature of friendship, family and, finally, true love. -- (C) Official Site	R	Comedy Drama	Jennifer Westfeldt	Jennifer Westfeldt	20120309	20120717	Getting the best of the laughs is the underrated Adam Scott who as Jason, is never afraid to share what's on his mind.	B+	fresh	Matthew Toomey	0	ABC Radio Brisbane	20120603
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	Artily composed, highly subjective and light on plot - it's still a long way from the mainstream, but well-built suspense and an instinctive feel for teen and skate life keep things ticking over until the paranoia peters out.	3/5	fresh	Jonathan Trout	0	BBC.com	20071225
A thief and a lawman join forces to hunt down a common enemy in this action thriller. Tony Fait (DMX) is a master thief who, along with his crew (Gabrielle Union, Anthony Anderson, and Drag-On), pulls off a major score when they steal a cache of highly valuable black diamonds. However, the hard-as-nails Tony has a soft spot for his young daughter Vanessa (Paige Hurd), and Ling (Mark Dacascos), a former detective turned ruthless criminal, kidnaps Vanessa, demanding a ransom from Tony for her return -- the stash of black diamonds. The jewels have already been stolen, however, from Tony's fence Archie (Tom Arnold), and are now in the hands of a powerful underworld boss (Chi McBride). Determined to get back his daughter whatever the cost, Tony and his gang set out to find both Ling and the diamonds, but he soon gets some invaluable help from an unlikely corner -- Su (Jet Li), a government agent from Taiwan who was once Ling's partner, and has an old score to settle with him. Cradle 2 the Grave also features Kelly Hu and Roxana Brusso.	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Andrzej Bartkowiak		20030228	20030812	If Bartkowiak can't make a good film, he should at least let his inner Ed Wood out to play more often.	1.5/4	rotten	Loey Lockerby	0	Kansas City Star	20030228
The life of a middle-class black family in Los Angeles is disrupted by the arrival of an old friend from back South in this layered drama. Initially a charming reminder of their past, the visitor soon comes to seems increasingly sinister as the strained household heads towards an inevitable conflict.	PG	Drama	Charles Burnett	Charles Burnett	19900101	19910613		4/5	fresh	Jamie Russell	0	BBC.com	20020624
Based on a novel by Peter Farrelly, published in 1988 before he became famous as a writer and director of such films as Dumb and Dumber, Kingpin, and There's Something About Mary, Outside Providence is a coming-of-age story set in the 1970s. Timothy Dunphy (Shawn Hatosy), known as Dunph to his friends and Dildo to others, is a high school burn-out with a gift for getting into trouble; it doesn't help that his best friend is named Drugs Delaney (Jon Abrahams), and it somehow makes sense that Dunph's pet would be a three-legged dog with one eye. Dunph's father (Alec Baldwin) is convinced his son is on the fast track to Palookaville, so when Timothy gets in a wreck with a police car, his dad pulls a few strings and enrolls him in a private prep school. Dunph quickly learns the biggest difference between his old friends at home and his new classmates: rich kids have money, and money buys privilege. They can buy drugs from expensive dealers who won't fink on them, and pay for abortions when their girlfriends get unexpectedly pregnant, instead of having to get married. Dunph doesn't entirely fit into a school full of rich kids, but when he falls in love with Jane Weston (Amy Smart), he's determined to win her heart. Peter Farrelly adapted his novel with the help of his brother and screenwriting partner Bobby Farrelly and director Michael Corrente, whose previous credits include the film version of David Mamet's American Buffalo.	R	Comedy	Michael Corrente	Bobby Farrelly|Peter Farrelly|Michael Corrente	19990901	20011002	The Farrelly brothers brand of humor is present, but the jokes are incorporated into a surprisingly effective coming-of-age story.	4/5	fresh	Edward Johnson-Ott	0	NUVO Newsweekly	20000101
Finally putting an end to their days as slaves to the hustle-bustle of city life, Gothamites Cooper Tilson and his wife, Leah, pack up their kids and all their possessions, and move into a recently repossessed mansion in the 'sticks' of New York State. Once a grand and elegant manor, the house at Cold Creek is now in shambles, but Cooper and Leah have unlimited time to show the house the tender loving care that it desperately needs. All's well until Dale Massie, the house's former owner, gets out of prison, looking to reclaim his birthright place, by any means necessary. There are two kinds of people in Cold Creek--those who come there, and those who are born there--and Dale quickly shows that one kind of resident always comes out on top. This challenged truth is particularly accurate, in this case, because Dale's house hides a deep, dark secret.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Mike Figgis	Richard Jefferies	20030919	20040302	Despite the film's predictability, there's something in the film that makes you want to root for the bad guy.	2.5/5	rotten	Catharine Tunnacliffe	0	eye WEEKLY	20031001
First there was an opportunity......then there was a betrayal. Twenty years have gone by. Much has changed but just as much remains the same. Mark Renton returns to the only place he can ever call home.They are waiting for him: Spud, Sick Boy, and Begbie. Other old friends are waiting too: sorrow, loss, joy, vengeance, hatred, friendship, love, longing, fear, regret, diamorphine, self-destruction and mortal danger, they are all lined up to welcome him, ready to join the dance.	R	Drama	Danny Boyle	John Hodge	20170317	20170627	In a time of year we don't ordinarily great films, this one comes very, very close.	3.5/4	fresh	Jeff Simon	0	Buffalo News	20170330
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214	Significant credit goes to these committed actors, who are forced to give speeches and make choices regularly at odds with authentic human behavior.	3.5/5	fresh	Elizabeth Weitzman	1	New York Daily News	20100507
Until he was downsized, affable, amiable Larry Crowne (Tom Hanks) was a superstar team leader at the big-box company where he's worked since his time in the Navy. Underwater on his mortgage and unclear on what to do with his suddenly free days, Larry heads to his local college to start over. There he becomes part of a colorful community of outcasts, also-rans and the overlooked all trying to find a better future for themselves...often moving around town in a herd of scooters. In his public-speaking class, Larry develops an unexpected crush on his teacher Mercedes Tainot (Julia Roberts), who has lost as much passion for teaching as she has for her husband. -- (C) Universal Pictures	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Tom Hanks	Tom Hanks|Nia Vardalos	20110701	20111115	Two screen superstars can't pump any authentic life into this shallow drama.	1/5	rotten		0	Spirituality and Practice	20110630
At an isolated mansion in the snowy countryside of 1950s France, a family is gathered for the holiday season... But there will be no celebration--their beloved patriarch has been murdered	R	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20020920	20030211	For pure camp, intentional or otherwise, this is right up there with The Rocky Horror Picture Show.	3/5	fresh	Roger Moore	1	Orlando Sentinel	20021025
Curious filmgoers looking to get better acquainted with the silver screen's most notorious cannibalistic serial killer are sure to get their fair share of shocks and thrills as director Peter Webber teams with author Thomas Harris to explore the early life of well-read psychopath Hannibal Lecter. Based on author Harris' gruesome novel of the same name, Hannibal Rising travels back in time to World War II-era Lithuania, where an impressionable, well-to-do young boy named Hannibal (Gaspard Ulliel) was forced to watch helplessly as his family was massacred and his young sister suffered a terrifying fate at the hands of desperate, famished soldiers. After seeking temporary shelter at the Soviet orphanage that was once his family's home, Hannibal later flees to Paris in search of his long-lost uncle. Though his uncle has passed away, his uncle's beautiful Japanese widow, Lady Murasaki (Gong Li), warmly accepts the frightened orphan into her home. But even the love and kindness of this generous stranger isn't enough to calm the raging storm that is brewing inside this troubled young boy. Plagued by nightmares and determined to seek vengeance on the murderous war criminals who brutalized his family, the profoundly disturbed but academically gifted Hannibal enrolls in medical school in order to hone the skills that will allow him to exact horrific justice.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Peter Webber	Thomas Harris	20070209	20070529	All told, I was surprised at how much I liked the film, despite its flaws.	3/5	fresh	Mark Bell	0	Film Threat	20070213
Touted upon its release as the finale of the Rocky saga, this fifth entry in the long-running series of sports dramas reunites star Sylvester Stallone with John G. Avildsen, director of the Oscar-winning original. Stallone is Rocky Balboa, suffering from career-ending brain damage as a result of his punishing bout with Ivan Drago at the finale of the previous film. Upon their return to Philadelphia, Rocky and his wife, Adrian (Talia Shire), discover they are broke, their fortune squandered by an incompetent accountant. Forced to move back to their working-class neighborhood, Rocky finds that his only asset is the run-down gym willed to him by Mickey (Burgess Meredith, who appears in new flashback sequences). Resisting big money offered to him by Don King-like boxing promoter George Washington Duke (Richard Gant), Rocky becomes a trainer and finds a talented comer in Tommy Gunn (real-life boxer Tommy Morrison, nephew of John Wayne). Rocky's son (played by Stallone's real-life son Sage Stallone) feels neglected by his father, who lavishes attention on his prot	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama		Sylvester Stallone	19901116	20030318		1/5	rotten	Elias Savada	0	Nitrate Online	20021022
"It has been two decades since master filmmaker GEORGE A. ROMERO's zombies have stalked the screens of motion picture theaters. For years, fans around the world have been eagerly awaiting his return.And now that day is here.An all-new chapter of horror is about to begin...George A. Romero's Land of the Dead is the acclaimed director's long-awaited return to the genre he invented, beginning with the seminal Night of the Living Dead and continuing with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead.In Romero's harrowing newest vision, the world (as humankind has known it) is merely a memory. In its place is the never-ending nightmare existence of us-the living-versus them-the ""walkers."" What's left of mankind is cordoned off behind the walls of a fortified city while the walking dead roam the vast wasteland beyond. The few wealthy and powerful try to maintain an illusion of life as it was, dwelling high above the city in the exclusive towers of Fiddler's Green, the last bastion of the ruling class. On the streets below, however, the remaining, less fortunate of the city's inhabitants eke out a hard-scrabble life, seeking what little solace they can in the vices available-gambling, flesh trade, drugs-anything that offers even a fleeting respite from the hell their lives have become.Both the lofty heights of Fiddler's Green and the demoralizing lows of the city below are lorded over by a handful of ruthless opportunists, led by Kaufman (DENNIS HOPPER), who keeps his hands in everything, from real estate to less above-board pursuits. To bring food and other essential supplies to the occupants of the city and to allow the Green's well-to-do to acquire the scarce luxury items to which they were once accustomed, a hardened group of mercenaries-headed by Riley (SIMON BAKER) and his second-in-command, Cholo (JOHN LEGUIZAMO)-run retrieval missions outside the city, protected by their massive armored vehicle, Dead Reckoning. Riley and Cholo, like Kaufman, are in it for the money, which they hope to use for their own escapes- Riley to the North, with promises of ""a world without fences"" and freedom, and Cholo to the luxury of Fiddler's Green, far away from the violent life he has known.While Kaufman and his employees concern themselves with commerce, life is changing both within and beyond the walls of the city. Unrest and anarchy are on the rise among the city's disenfranchised and outside, the army of the dead is changing, evolving, learning to organize and communicate.When Cholo commandeers Dead Reckoning, intent on extorting millions out of Kaufman and his cronies, Riley and his ragtag group-including Slack (ASIA ARGENTO) and Charlie (ROBERT JOY)-are called into action to stop Cholo and, in the process, protect the city and its population from the growing army of evolving zombies storming its weakening perimeter.Universal Pictures and Atmosphere Entertainment MM present A Mark Canton-Bernie Goldmann and Romero-Grunwald Production, in association with Wild Bunch: George A. Romero's Land of the Dead, starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper, Asia Argento, Robert Joy and John Leguizamo. Written and directed by Romero, the film is produced by MARK CANTON (Taking Lives), PETER GRUNWALD (Monkey Shines) and BERNIE GOLDMANN (Taking Lives).Joining Romero behind the camera are director of photography MIROSLAW BASZAK (Picture Claire), production designer ARV GREYWAL (upcoming 16 Blocks), editor MICHAEL DOHERTY (New Blood), costume designer ALEX KAVANAGH (upcoming Saw 2) and composers REINHOLD HEIL and JOHNNY KLIMEK (Shattered Glass). STEVE BARNETT, DENNIS E. JONES, RYAN KAVANAUGH and LYNWOOD SPINKS serve as executive producers. --"	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense			20050624	20051018	Nothing more than a zombie movie, but it's a first-class zombie movie, good, ghoulish fun, staged with skill and a nicely twisted sense of humor.	B	fresh	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20050623
"For super-dog ""Bolt"", every day is filled with adventure, danger and intrigue - at least until the cameras stop rolling. When the star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City, he begins his biggest adventure yet - a cross-country journey through the real world to get back to his owner and co-star, Penny. Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real, and the help of two unlikely traveling companions -- a jaded, abandoned housecat named Mittens and a TV-obsessed hamster named Rhino -- Bolt discovers he doesn't need superpowers to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy			20081121	20090324	Bolt marks Disney's long awaited re-emergence as a top-dog in the world of animation.	4/5	fresh	Anders Wotzke	0	Moviedex	20090801
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	The problem with The Curious Case of Benjamin Button is that it aims for profundity and merely hits homespun wisdom.	6/10	rotten	Coco Forsythe	0	Future Movies UK	20081225
Beth (Diane Keaton) saves a bedraggled lost dog from the side of the freeway on a wintry day in Denver. Struggling with her distracted, self-involved husband Joseph (Kevin Kline) and an empty nest at home, Beth forms a special bond with the rescued animal. When Joseph loses the dog after their daughter's (Elisabeth Moss) wedding at their vacation home in the Rockies, Beth, distraught and angry with Joseph, enlists the help of the few remaining guests (Dianne Wiest, Richard Jenkins, Mark Duplass) and a mysterious woman (Ayelet Zurer) in a frantic search. -- (C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Lawrence Kasdan	Lawrence Kasdan|Meg Kasdan	20120420	20120828	How much more fulfilling it would have been to spend those hundred-odd minutes chasing a squirrel, taking a nap or disemboweling a stuffed animal on the living room rug.	1.5/5	rotten		1	New York Times	20120419
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	Yes, Julianne Moore will win the Oscar. And yes, this in one depressing film.	B+	fresh	Clint O'Connor	0	Cleveland Plain Dealer	20150213
Take out the trash, eat your broccoli-who needs moms, anyway? Nine-year-old Milo (Seth Green) finds out just how much he needs his mom (Joan Cusack) when she's nabbed by Martians who plan to steal her mom-ness for their own young. Produced by the team behind Disney's A Christmas Carol and The Polar Express, Mars Needs Moms showcases Milo's quest to save his mom-a wild adventure in 3D that involves stowing away on a spaceship, navigating an elaborate, multi-level planet and taking on the alien nation and their leader (Mindy Sterling). With the help of a tech-savvy, underground earthman named Gribble (Dan Fogler) and a rebel Martian girl called Ki (Elisabeth Harnois), Milo just might find his way back to his mom-in more ways than one. Based on the Book by Berkeley Breathed. -- (C) Disney	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Science Fiction and Fantasy	Simon Wells	Simon Wells|Wendy Wells	20110311	20110809	The incoherent, over-complicated storyline is played with much too much gravity, and the few jokes aren't funny.	2/5	rotten	Christopher Tookey	0	Daily Mail (UK)	20110407
Liz Gilbert had everything a modern woman is supposed to dream of having -- a husband, a house, a successful career -- yet like so many others, she found herself lost, confused, and searching for what she really wanted in life. Newly divorced and at a crossroads, Gilbert steps out of her comfort zone, risking everything to change her life, embarking on a journey around the world that becomes a quest for self-discovery. In her travels, she discovers the true pleasure of nourishment by eating in Italy; the power of prayer in India, and, finally and unexpectedly, the inner peace and balance of true love in Bali.	PG-13	Drama	Ryan Murphy	Ryan Murphy|Jennifer Salt	20100813	20101123	I found the woman to be selfish, narcissistic and by the time everything was over I didn't actually believe she learned anything new about herself at all.	1.5/4	rotten	Sara Michelle	0	MovieFreak.com	20100812
Forty-something Francois Pignon, who has worked for years as an accountant for the same contraceptive manufacturer, becomes suicidal when he learns that his company is downsizing and he is about to lose his job. Work means everything to this gloomy and boring little man since both his ex-wife, who left him after two years of marriage, and their 16-year-old son avoid him. But things are about to change when Pignon's psychologist neighbor persuades him that he can save his job by coming out to his employers as a gay man -- even though he isn't.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama	Francis Veber	Francis Veber	20010504	20011113	See The Closet now before somebody ruins an American version by casting Robin Williams and scrubbing clean all its wanton wackiness.	3.5/4	fresh	Rob Blackwelder	0	SPLICEDWire	20010831
A proud military man, Colonel Claus von Stauffenberg is a loyal officer who serves his country all the while hoping that someone will find a way to stop Hitler before Europe and Germany are destroyed. Realizing that time is running out, he decides that he must take action himself and joins the German resistance. Armed with a cunning strategy to use Hitler's own emergency plan--known as Operation Valkyrie--these men plot to assassinate the dictator and over-throw his Nazi government from the inside. With everything in place, with the future of the world, the fate of millions and the lives of his wife and children hanging in the balance, Stauffenberg is thrust from being one of many who oppose Hitler to the one who must kill Hitler himself.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bryan Singer	Christopher McQuarrie|Nathan Alexander	20081225	20090519	With a more intelligent and taut screenplay, Valkyrie could have been much more riveting rather than merely be sporadically thrilling, mostly bland and, ultimately, underwhelming.	5/10	rotten	Avi Offer	0	NYC Movie Guru	20090131
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	Well worth seeing on the big screen, Memoirs of a Geisha is ultimately a film you admire, rather than embrace.	3/4	fresh	Timothy Knight	0	Reel.com	20051209
A recent college graduate, Barry B. Benson wants more out of life than the inevitable career that awaits him and every other worker in New Hive City--a job at Honex making honey. Barry jumps at the chance to venture out of the hive, and soon encounters a world beyond his wildest dreams. When Barry inadvertently meets a quirky florist named Vanessa, he breaks one of the cardinal rules of beedom--he talks to her. A friendship soon develops, and Barry gets a guided crash course in the ways of the human race. When he shockingly discovers that anyone can purchase honey right off the grocery store shelf, he realizes that his true calling is to stop this injustice and set the world right by suing the human race for stealing the bees' precious honey.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family		Spike Feresten|Jerry Seinfeld|Barry Marder|Andy Robin|Chuck Martin|Tom Papa	20071102	20080311	Seinfeld the professional cynic has become Seinfeld the environmental crusader. Who'd have thunk it?	3/5	fresh	Paul Byrnes	0	Sydney Morning Herald	20080201
A young man and his pals rule supreme at their local roller-skating rink, but when the doors close, the boys venture into foreign territory -- uptown's Sweetwater Roller Rink, complete with over-the-top skaters and beautiful girls. Through his preparation for the roller-showdown of the season, the young man manages to find himself and also help his struggling dad get back on track.	PG-13	Comedy Drama			20050923	20051213	One of those movies that gets a couple of things exactly right.	B-	fresh		0	Oregonian	20050923
"When alien vampires terrorize London, it's up to a determined police inspector and an astronaut to stop them. American and British space travelers discover humanoids while exploring near Halley's Comet. The astronauts bring three of these aliens aboard their spaceship and head back to earth. However, their guests turn out to be evil vampires who kill all but one of the astronauts -- Carlsen. After the ship arrives in London, the monsters -- led by a beautiful female -- escape and wreak havoc throughout the city, transforming humans into zombies. Meanwhile, the surviving astronaut and Caine, a determined police inspector, frantically try to track down the creatures, and destroy them. But the ""Space Girl"" has a strange hold over Carlsen, and he has trouble fighting the urge to join her."	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Tobe Hooper		19850621	19980526		3/5	fresh	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20050427
"AMERICAN PASTORAL follows Seymour ""Swede"" Levov, a legendary high school athlete, who grows up to marry a former beauty queen and inherits his father's business. Swede's seemingly perfect life shatters when his daughter rebels by becoming a revolutionary and committing a deadly act of political terrorism during the Vietnam War."	R	Drama	Ewan McGregor	John Romano	20161021	20170207	The actors capably hit their marks but rarely illuminate the interior torment of Roth's prose. The direction and cinematography are similarly workmanlike but unremarkable.	2/4	rotten	Peter Howell	1	Toronto Star	20161020
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	For some of the way, it seems like a kind of skateboard whodunit. Soon enough, we understand it's much more than that. And by then, we know we're in for a ride to remember.	4/4	fresh	David Wiegand	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20080314
"Welcome to Mooseport. The sleepy Maine community has all the accoutrements of idyllic small town life: a little park and gazebo, quaint architecture, a moose that wanders through the streets, and lots of friendly townsfolk, including the proprietor of the local hardware store, Handy Harrison and his veterinarian girlfriend Sally. Mooseport also just happens to be the vacation home for the leader of the free world: Monroe ""Eagle"" Cole, the President of the United States. Following two successful terms, the wildly popular President is ready to retire to his ""Mooseport White House,"" publish his memoirs and embark on a series of lucrative speaking engagements. But Eagle's retirement is delayed when the folks of Mooseport convince the former President to run for Mayor. At the same time, he sparks to Sally--unaware that she is Handy's girlfriend. So, when a jealous Handy announces HIS candidacy for mayor, Eagle is dumbfounded. Handy, in turn, sees himself in a race for Mayor and boyfriend. As the campaign kicks into high gear, things get even wilder in this once quiet town."	PG-13	Comedy	Donald Petrie	Doug Richardson|Tom Schulman	20040220	20040525	I didn't dislike Welcome to Mooseport; I just didn't like it enough.	2.5/4	rotten	Mike McGranaghan	0	Aisle Seat	20040226
F W Murnau is making Nosferatu on location in Eastern Europe. The director is determined to make this the most authentic movie ever. To this end Murnau has employed a real vampire, Max Schreck. He explains Schreck's weird behavior by saying that he is a fastidious method actor. As payment Schreck has been promised drug addicted beauty Greta - Nosferatu's leading-lady. She is to be his at the end of filming. But it seems that Schreck cannot wait that long to taste the blood of the crew.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense		Steven Katz	20001229	20010529	One of the year's most watchable movies, particularly for film buffs.	B+	fresh	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20001224
In this sequel to the Academy Award -winning hit, everyone's favorite hero, Babe, sets off on a journey that takes him to a far away storybook city where he encounters an incredible assortment of animal friends and learns how a kind and steady heart can heal a sorry world.	G	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	George Miller	Dick-King Smith|Judy Morris|Mark Lamprell	19981125	19990504		3.5/4	fresh	Jeffrey Huston	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
Get ready to go deeper undercover with Ricardo Tubbs (Jamie Foxx) and Sonny Crockett (Colin Farrell) in this Unrated Director's Edition that includes footage not seen in theaters	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Michael Mann	Michael Mann	20060728	20061205	Miami Vice is the last of the predicted summer blockbusters, and it delivers a reasonable amount of popcorn excitement.	2.5/4	fresh	Jack Mathews	1	New York Daily News	20060728
Crossing new lines and breaking old barriers, A HAUNTED HOUSE 2 is the sequel to the hilarious box-office hit starring Marlon Wayans as Malcolm who, after exorcising the demons of his ex, is starting fresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events. With spine-tingling tension and hilarious punch-lines A HAUNTED HOUSE 2 is inspired by the latest supernatural horror movie franchises and shows that this time... it's not just the house that's haunted	R	Comedy	Michael Tiddes	Marlon Wayans	20140418	20140812	"Though even the most accomplished improvisers occasionally rely on shtick, Wayans simply recycles the same gags; his ""improv"" is all shtick, with little riffing and no sense of flow."	D+	rotten	Ignatiy Vishnevetsky	1	AV Club	20140418
Superman (Christopher Reeve) tries to save the world from nuclear destruction at the hands of Lex Luthor (Gene Hackman) in this action film featuring the man of steel. In a speech to the United Nations, Superman declares he will rid the world of all nuclear weapons. Arch-villain Luthor emerges from prison obsessed with killing Superman and creates an adversary known as Nuclear Man (Mark Pillow). The two engage in a fight to the finish in various landmarks on Earth before taking their battle into outer space. When Lois Lane (Margot Kidder) invites both Superman and Clark Kent to a double-date dinner, Superman's powers are tested so that both men can be present. Jackie Cooper plays the gruff veteran newspaper editor Perry White, with Marc McClure as Jimmy Olsen. Sam Wanamaker plays tabloid tycoon David Warfield, the millionaire who buys the Daily Planet. Mariel Hemmingway is Warfield's daughter Lacy, Clark Kent's date at Lois' luxury apartment. This is the least interesting of the four Superman movies starring Christopher Reeve.	PG	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy		Lawrence Konner|Mark Rosenthal	19870724	20010501		2/5	rotten	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050617
One man takes on the Irish family law system and the Catholic Church in a bid to be reunited with his children in this drama, based on a true story. In 1953, Desmond Doyle (Pierce Brosnan) was a house painter and decorator who, despite a strong work ethic, had a hard time holding on to steady work. Desmond's wife had grown tired of her marriage and her husband's financial problems, and one day walked away from her home, leaving Desmond to raise their three children on his own. While Desmond struggles to keep body and soul together for his children, his sporadic employment eventually attracts the attention of the law, and a court order sends his two sons and young daughter to separate Catholic orphanages until Desmond can prove he's capable of properly supporting them. However, Desmond discovers merely getting work is not enough to bring his children back to him, and when he learns that his daughter, Evelyn (Sophie Vavasseur), is having a rough time of it at the hands of several stern nuns, he becomes determined to win their custody in a court of law. Through Bernadette (Julianna Margulies), a barmaid who has caught his eye, Desmond meets Michael Beattie (Stephen Rea), a lawyer and Bernadette's brother. While Michael doesn't believe Desmond's case can be won in an Irish court, his partner Nick Barron (Aidan Quinn), an expatriate American who lost custody of his own children in a divorce proceeding, is eager to help, and they agree to take the case. However, they both realize they're fighting an uphill battle, and so they persuade Thomas Connolly (Alan Bates), a former football star who became one of Ireland's most respected barristers, to lend his knowledge and prestige to the case. Leading man Bronson also served a co-producer for Evelyn; Bruce Beresford directed, who previously collaborated with Pierce Brosnan on Mister Johnson.	PG	Art House and International Drama	Bruce Beresford	Paul Pender	20021213	20030415	Adults might find the movie on the slight side, though it's a good choice for family night viewing.	2.5/4	fresh	Matt Brunson	0	Creative Loafing	20030226
Natalie Portman stars in this western concerning a woman who has to defend her home against a group of outlaws. Gavin O'Connor handles directing duties, with Ewan McGregor and Joel Edgerton co-starring.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western			20160129	20160426	a stereopticon of a post-modern morality tale that can't overcome its own inertia.	2/5	rotten	Andrea Chase	0	Killer Movie Reviews	20160130
"Returning to the Ireland of his birth, director John Ford fashions a irresistable valentine to the ""Auld Sod"" in The Quiet Man. Irish-American boxer John Wayne, recovering from the trauma of having accidentally killed a man in the ring, arrives in the Irish village where he was born. Hoping to bury his past and settle down to a life of tranquility, Wayne has purchased the home of his birth from wealthy local widow Mildred Natwick, a transaction that has incurred the wrath of pugnacious squire Victor McLaglen, who coveted the property for himself. By and by, Wayne falls in love with McLaglen's beautiful, high-spirited sister Maureen O'Hara. Her insistence that Wayne conduct his courtship in a proper Irish manner-with puckish matchmaker Barry Fitzgerald along for the ride as ""chaperone""--is but one obstacle to their future happiness: the other is McLaglen, who spitefully refuses to give his consent to his sister's marriage, or to honor the tradition of paying a dowry to Wayne. Wayne could care less about dowries, but the tradition-bound Maureen refuses to consummate her marriage until McLaglen pays up. Under any other circumstances, Wayne would have punched out the bullying McLaglen long ago, but ever since his tragedy in the ring he has been reluctant to fight. Local priest Ward Bond conspires with several locals to trick McLaglen into paying his due. They intimate that widow Natwick, for whom McLaglen carries a torch, will marry the old brute if he'll give his consent to the marriage and fork over the dowry. But McLaglen finds he's been tricked and the situation remains at a standoff, with the frustrated Wayne locked out of his wife's bedroom. When Maureen accuses him of being a coward and walks out on him, our hero can stand no more. He marches Maureen to McLaglen's home, indicating that he plans to whale the tar out of both brother and sister. As a huge and appreciative crowd gathers the cornered McLaglen truculently tosses the money in Wayne's direction. Big John hands the bills to Maureen, just as she knew he would, and she ceremoniously destroys the money, just as he knew je would. Having proven their love for each other, there is nothing left for Wayne and Maureen to do but head home and perform their nuptual duties. But first there's the matter of giving McLaglen the thrashing he deserves....and it is this spectacular donnybrook, which covers several acres of land and at least two ""pit stops"" so that the combatants can quench their thirst, which convinces Natwick that the defeated McLaglen is truly worthy of her love (her logic is on a par with everyone else's in the film"	G	Classics Comedy Drama Romance	John Ford		19520814	20010220	...old fashioned and sentimental...clearly a labor of love.	9/10	fresh	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20020421
Wine merchant Alex Gates seems to have it all: a fancy shop, a beautiful wife, Suzanne, a sexy Latin mistress, Gabriella, and a hot car. He enjoys the best vintages of the goods he sells. In truth, Alex Gates' finances are stretched to the limit, his marriage is in a shambles and his relationship with his stepson Jason is toxic. Alex's business caters to a wealthy clientele, whose riches prove all too seductive: particularly a certain	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Bob Rafelson|George Bud Davis	Bob Rafelson|Nick Villiers|Alison Cross|Nick Villers	19970221	20060206	The movie's own payoff is compelling enough, but the project has a weightless feel that limits involvement. Better you give it an hour-and-a-half on video someday, surrounded by wine and snacks.	3/4	fresh	Mike Clark	1	USA Today	20000101
Brian Henson, the son of Muppet founder Jim Henson, took over directing duties after the untimely death of his father for The Muppet Christmas Carol, a sluggish re-telling of the Charles Dickens tale. Michael Caine, surrounded by legions of fuzzy, felt puppets, plays it straight as the crotchety Ebenezer Scrooge, an old miser who could care less about Christmas and the joy the season brings. Working for the skinflint is his faithful employee Bob Cratchit (Kermit the Frog), who begs Scrooge for a day off for Christmas. Scrooge reluctantly agrees and goes home on Christmas Eve filled with bile at the holiday merrymakers. But then he is visited by the sprits of Christmas Past, Present, and Future, and Scrooge, after revisiting his sorrowful past, hate-filled present, and doomed future, turns over a new leaf and becomes the most generous and celebratory person in town.	G	Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Brian Henson	Jerry Juhl	19920101	20021008	There's no great show of wit or tunefulness here, and the ingenious cross-generational touches are fairly rare. But there is a lively kiddie version of the Dickens tale, one that very young viewers ought to understand.	3/5	fresh	Janet Maslin	1	New York Times	20040830
"In the mid-to-late 1960s, in Washington, D.C., vibrant soul music and exploding social consciousness were combining to unique and powerful effect. It was the place and time for Ralph Waldo ""Petey"" Greene Jr. to fully express himself--sometimes to outrageous effect--and ""tell it like it is."" With the support of his irrepressible and tempestuous girlfriend Vernell, the newly minted ex-con talks his way into an on-air radio gig at WOL-AM, where fellow prison inmate Milo's brother Dewey Hughes is the program director. At the station, Petey becomes an iconic radio personality, surpassing even the established popularity of his fellow disc jockeys, Nighthawk and Sunny Jim. Combining biting humor with social commentary, Petey openly courts controversy for station owner E.G. Sonderling. Petey was determined to make not just himself but his community heard during an exciting and turbulent period in American history. As Petey's voice, humor, and spirit surge across the airwaves with the vitality of the era, listeners tune in to hear not only incredible music but also a man speaking directly to them about race and power in America like few people ever have. Through the years, Petey's ""The truth just is"" style--on and off the air--would redefine both Petey and Dewey, and empower each to become the man he would most like to be."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kasi Lemmons	Michael Genet|Rick Famuyiwa	20070727	20071030	Engaging and enjoyable to watch, if not exactly as weighty as its subject matter.	3/5	fresh	Josh Bell	0	Las Vegas Weekly	20070803
The film tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela joined forces with the captain of South Africa's rugby team to help unite their country. Newly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.	PG-13	Drama Sports and Fitness	Clint Eastwood	Anthony Peckham	20091211	20100518	Eastwood hits all the right notes in exactly the right order, but it's his least personal film for a while.	3/5	fresh	Ian Nathan	0	Empire Magazine	20100205
Natalie Portman stars in this western concerning a woman who has to defend her home against a group of outlaws. Gavin O'Connor handles directing duties, with Ewan McGregor and Joel Edgerton co-starring.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western			20160129	20160426	The problem with the film is that it never quite finds that final spark of inspiration that might have made it worth seeing, let alone producing in the first place, and it is further hampered by some clunkiness in the storytelling department.	2.5/4	rotten	Peter Sobczynski	1	RogerEbert.com	20160129
"Based on Peter Benchley's best-selling novel, Steven Spielberg's 1975 shark saga set the standard for the New Hollywood popcorn blockbuster while frightening millions of moviegoers out of the water. One early summer night on fictional Atlantic resort Amity Island, Chrissie decides to take a moonlight skinny dip while her friends party on the beach. Yanked suddenly below the ocean surface, she never returns. When pieces of her wash ashore, Police Chief Brody (Roy Scheider) suspects the worst, but Mayor Vaughn (Murray Hamilton), mindful of the lucrative tourist trade and the approaching July 4th holiday, refuses to put the island on a business-killing shark alert. After the shark dines on a few more victims, the Mayor orders the local fishermen to catch the culprit. Satisfied with the shark they find, the greedy Mayor reopens the beaches, despite the warning from visiting ichthyologist Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) that the attacks were probably caused by a far more formidable Great White. One more fatality later, Brody and Hooper join forces with flinty old salt Quint (Robert Shaw), the only local fisherman willing to take on a Great White--especially since the price is right. The three ride off on Quint's boat ""The Orca,"" soon coming face to teeth with the enemy."	PG	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Steven Spielberg	Howard Sackler|Carl Gottlieb|Peter Benchley	19750601	20000711	It remains an influence on the modern blockbuster, and is one of its best examples.	4.5/5	fresh	Shaun Munro	0	What Culture	20120614
Gregorio and Ingrid are the two greatest secret agents the world has ever known: masters of disguise, mavens of invention, able to stop wars before they even start. Working for separate countries, they are sent to eliminate their most dangerous enemy...each other. But in an exotic corner of the world when they finally come face to face, they fall in love instead and embark on the most dangerous mission they have ever faced: raising a family. Now, nine years later, after their retirement, having exchanged the adventure of espionage for parenthood, Gregorio and Ingrid Cortez are called back into action. When their former colleagues, the world's most formidable spies, start disappearing one by one, the Cortez's are forced to take on techno-wizard Fegan Floop and his evil, egg-headed sidekick, Minion. But when the unthinkable happens and they too disappear, there are only two people in the world who can rescue them...their kids. Armed with a bag of high tech gadgets and out-of-this world transportation, Carmen and Juni will bravely jet through the air, dive under the seas and crisscross the globe in a series of thrilling adventures on a mission to stop Floop, save their parents...and maybe even the world. Sometimes the biggest heroes are the smallest ones.	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family Mystery and Suspense	Robert Rodriguez	Robert Rodriguez	20010330	20010918	Spy Kids is flat out a good time for the whole family. 	4/5	fresh	Ted Murphy	0	Baseline.Hollywood.com	20010506
Young parents Mac (Seth Rogen and Kelly Radnor (Rose Byrne) find their troubles are far from over in this sequel co-starring Zac Efron.	R	Comedy	Nicholas Stoller		20160520	20160920	You're not likely to get drug jokes, slapstick, a dildo-loving toddler and positive gender attitudes in any other above-average comedy sequel...	3/5	fresh	Steve Newall	0	Flicks.co.nz	20160512
Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother (Jacki Weaver) and father (Robert DeNiro) after spending eight months is a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet-and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. -- (C) Weinstein	R	Comedy			20121121	20130430	Unlike the usual run-of-the-mill rom-com, this film bristles with life from the central core of the love story, to the quirky band of supporting players who add to the fun.	3.5/4	fresh	Lori Hoffman	0	Atlantic City Weekly	20121226
A serial dater afflicted with a lifelong curse of loneliness attempts to win the love of a clumsy but beautiful penguin expert in the one romantic comedy that proves true love never comes easy. As a ten-year-old boy, Charlie (Dane Cook), breaks the cardinal rule of spin-the-bottle by refusing to kiss a demented goth girl. Crushed by the disheartening snub and determined to ensure that Charlie never finds true love, the vengeful brooder places a hex on the cowardly rule breaker that follows him well into his adult life. Flash-forward 20 years, and Charlie is a successful dentist who just can't seem to maintain a stable relationship. Sure he's had his fair share of one-night stands, but these days Charlie is just looking to find a nice girl he can settle down with. One day, while attending an ex-girlfriend's wedding, Charlie realizes that every girl he has ever dated has proceeded to find true love with the very next man they've met. When word gets out that Charlie is something of a lucky charm for women looking to tie the knot, every women within a 100-mile radius comes calling for a one-night stand; and while taking a bevy of beauties to bed is fun for the time being, it doesn't take long for Charlie to realize just how empty sex can be without true love. Upon meeting hard-to-get aquatic bird specialist Cam (Jessica Alba), Charlie begins to suspect that he has found the woman of his dreams. Cam is the kind of woman whom Charlie would be happy to grow old with, but what will come of their relationship if Charlie and Cam sleep together? Now, in order to ensure that Cam doesn't end up with the next guy she meets, Charlie will finally attempt to break the curse that has plagued him since childhood. Perhaps with a little help from smooth-talking ladies' man and sympathetic best friend Stu (Dan Fogler), Charlie will finally be able to experience true happiness.	R	Comedy	Mark Helfrich	Josh Stolberg	20070921	20080115	"You too will find yourself saying, ""Better luck next time Chuck."	1.5/4	rotten	Vince Koehler	0	Entertainment Spectrum	20070921
"""Bicentennial Man,"" follows the life and times of the title character, an android, who is purchased as a household robot programmed to perform menial tasks. The Martin family quickly learns that they don't have an ordinary robot as Andrew begins to experience emotions and creative thought. In a story that spans two centuries, Andrew learns the intricacies of humanity, life and love."	PG	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Chris Columbus	Nicholas Kazan	19991217	20020115		2/4	rotten	Greg Dean	0	Greg's Previews at Yahoo! Movies	20000101
"A group of friends who are avid ""Star Wars"" fans travel west to see the Holy Grail of all sci-fi movies, ""Star Wars: Episode I."" The year is 1999 and for these death star dorks, the ""Star Wars"" films are more than just movies; they are a way of life. So, after one of the group takes sick, it is nothing short of a moral imperative that the friends break into George Lucas' Skywalker Ranch to watch the seminal sci-fi picture together before its release. Enlisting the help of an estranged friend, who has traded in his Darth Vader mask for a proper day job, the adventure lays way to some extremely funny situations, including an outrageous brawl with some hard-core Trekkies."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kyle Newman		20080731	20090519	just another rowdy boys' party, rather than an insightful celebration	2.5/5	rotten	Jesse Hassenger	0	Filmcritic.com	20090208
In this sequel to the Academy Award -winning hit, everyone's favorite hero, Babe, sets off on a journey that takes him to a far away storybook city where he encounters an incredible assortment of animal friends and learns how a kind and steady heart can heal a sorry world.	G	Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	George Miller	Dick-King Smith|Judy Morris|Mark Lamprell	19981125	19990504	Where Babe was warm, gentle, and cuddly, Pig in the City is fast paced and antic.	8/10	fresh	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20020420
Kat Ellis is looking for the right man -- now	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Clare Kilner	Dana Fox	20050204	20050816	Most of the time, it's as flat and lifeless as Debra Messing's hair.	2/5	rotten	Cherryl Dawson	0	TheMovieChicks.com	20050206
Two mismatched wolves embark on a cross-country quest to get back home and restore peace in their pack after being relocated thousands of miles away by well-meaning park rangers. Quick-witted Humphrey (voice of Justin Long) likes to frolic with friends and play video games with squirrels; disciplined Kate (voice of Hayden Panettiere) likes to call the shots and hunt caribou. Normally, an omega wolf like Humphrey would never stand a chance with an alpha wolf like Kate, but when they're both transported halfway across the country they must work together to get back to their natural habitat. And it won't be easy either, because the one thing Humphrey and Kate can agree on is that they don't have anything in common. Perhaps by working together toward a common goal, however, the two contentious traveling companions will finally realize that even lone wolves can use a helping paw every once in a while. Christina Ricci, Danny Glover, Dennis Hopper, and Larry Miller also supply voices for the Crest Animation production, helmed by Anthony Bell and Ben Gluck from a script by Chris Denk.	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Anthony Bell|Ben Gluck|Benjamin Gluck	Steve Moore|Chris Denk	20100917	20110111	... the final result, while passable enough, is no particular treat ... 	2/5	rotten	Jim Lane	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20100917
A cow learns to walk like a man, both literally and figuratively, in this computer-animated comedy written and directed by Steve Oedekerk, the creator of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius. Ben (voice of Sam Elliott) is a cow who for years has been the leader and sober voice of reason among the animals at a farm where the critters are a bit unusual -- they can walk on two legs, talk, swim, and act like humans, though they have the good sense to avoid doing these things while humans are around. Ben has long dreamed that his son Otis (voice of Kevin James) would someday take over his duties on the farm, but Otis is a carefree and irresponsible type who would rather party with his friends and hang out with his girlfriend, Daisy (voice of Courteney Cox). Ben and his friend Miles (voice of Danny Glover), a wise and patient mule, wonder if Otis will ever make anything of himself, while Dasiy's best friend, Bessy (voice of Wanda Sykes), is convinced she can do better. However, one night Otis decides to do something about an obnoxious kid who enjoys tipping his fellow cows, and for the first time in his life he gets a taste of leadership -- and he likes it. Barnyard also features the voice talents of Andie MacDowell, Maria Bamford, and Maurice LaMarche.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Steve Oedekerk	Steve Oedekerk	20060804	20061212	This often amusing but also aimless and forgettable animated comedy is noteworthy mostly for its random musical numbers and surprising amounts of violence.	2/4	rotten	Peter Hartlaub	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20060803
Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother (Jacki Weaver) and father (Robert DeNiro) after spending eight months is a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet-and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. -- (C) Weinstein	R	Comedy			20121121	20130430	"Although the story sometimes drags and the predictable rom-com ending feels too pat, ""Silver Linings Playbook"" scores some intriguing insights into what mental illnesses we consider socially acceptable."	3.5/4	fresh	Brandy McDonnell	0	The Oklahoman	20180807
On the eve of graduating law school, Veronica Mars has put Neptune and her amateur sleuthing days behind her. While interviewing at high-end New York law firms, Veronica Mars gets a call from her ex-boyfriend Logan who has been accused of murder. Veronica heads back to Neptune just to help Logan find an attorney, but when things don't seem right with how Logan's case is perceived and handled, Veronica finds herself being pulled back into a life she thought she had left behind. (c) Official Site	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20140314	20140506	"Anyone who loved the television show and supported the Kickstarter should adore this film. Rob Thomas and the VM crew deliver a brilliantly constructed film that redefines the phrase ""fan service."	A+	fresh	Michelle Alexandria	0	Eclipse Magazine	20140314
Freshly graduated from college with a promising future ahead, 22 year-old Christopher McCandless instead walked out of his privileged life and into the wild in search of adventure. What happened to him on the way transformed this young wanderer into an enduring symbol for countless people. Was Christopher McCandless a heroic adventurer or a na	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Sean Penn	Sean Penn	20071019	20080304	The film, I am convinced, is unforgettable.	4/4	fresh	Colin Covert	1	Minneapolis Star Tribune	20070927
Despite having recently presided over a very successful Halloween, Jack Skellington, aka the Pumpkin King, is bored with his job and feels that life in Halloweenland lacks meaning. Then he stumbles upon Christmastown and promptly decides to make the Yuletide his own.	PG	Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Henry Selick|Tim Burton	Tim Burton|Caroline Thompson|Michael McDowell	19931024	19971202	The Nightmare Before Christmas is a veritable bounty of visual delights.	2.5/4	fresh	Nick Schager	0	Slant Magazine	20061017
"A surreal crime drama told as only Jim Jarmusch could, Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai stars Forest Whitaker as Ghost Dog, a hit man living in an unidentified but run-down city in what license plates call ""The Industrialized State."" Known for his gift of being able to come and go without people noticing him, Ghost Dog is a self-taught samurai who is obsessed with order and his strict personal moral code, drawn from the philosophies of the Japanese warriors. As every samurai needs a leader to whom he swears loyalty, Ghost Dog has devoted himself the service of Louie (John Tormey), a low-level crime boss who once saved his life. When Louie's superiors decide he must be executed, Ghost Dog leaps into action, methodically wiping out his many enemies. Along with a dizzying series of stylized shoot-outs, Ghost Dog also features carrier pigeons, characters who read Rashomon, a French-speaking ice cream man, and a score by RZA from the top-selling hip-hop group Wu-Tang Clan, who have their own well-documented obsession with Asian culture. Ghost Dog was screened in competition at the 1999 Cannes Film Festival."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Jim Jarmusch	Jim Jarmusch	20000303	20000822	A haunting and mesmerizing film.	3.5/4	fresh		0	CinemaSense.Com	20000101
George Cukor's remake of the 1940 film Gaslight is the story of a beautiful, innocent woman (Ingrid Bergman) who marries a charming man (Charles Boyer) who tries to drive her insane. Boasting a lavish, detailed production that perfectly recreates the Victorian era, Gaslight is one of the greatest psychological thrillers ever made, thanks to Bergman's stellar, Oscar-winning performance. Gaslight was later shown in a computer-colorized print.	PG	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	George Cukor		19440511	20040203		5/5	fresh	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20040827
From filmmaker Andrew Stanton comes John Carter-a sweeping action-adventure set on the mysterious and exotic planet of Barsoom (Mars). John Carter is based on a classic novel by Edgar Rice Burroughs, whose highly imaginative adventures served as inspiration for many filmmakers, both past and present. The film tells the story of war-weary, former military captain John Carter (Taylor Kitsch), who is inexplicably transported to Mars where he becomes reluctantly embroiled in a conflict of epic proportions amongst the inhabitants of the planet, including Tars Tarkas (Willem Dafoe) and the captivating Princess Dejah Thoris (Lynn Collins). In a world on the brink of collapse, Carter rediscovers his humanity when he realizes that the survival of Barsoom and its people rests in his hands. -- (C) Walt Disney	PG-13	Action and Adventure Horror Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrew Stanton|Mark Atkins	Mark Atkins|Mark Andrews|Michael Chabon|Andrew Stanton	20120309	20120605	The visuals are stunning, the battles are exciting and the supporting cast is strong. Why, then, did Disney stupidly do everything they could to ensure that it would fail?	3/4	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Sci-Fi Movie Page	20120308
Vin Diesel opted to not appear in the sequel to the film the shot him to stardom in the first place, The Fast and the Furious. With the character of Dominic Toretto out of the picture, 2 Fast 2 Furious concentrates exclusively on the latest exploits of undercover agent Brian O'Connor, played by Paul Walker. In addition, with director Rob Cohen passing, producers have added a dash of credibility to the sequel by hiring John Singleton to helm. What does completely remain from the first film is the presence of fast-living underground street-racing gangs. Moving from Los Angeles to Miami, O'Connor is looking to redeem himself after the events of the first movie, so he again goes undercover to infiltrate another group of thuggish car enthusiasts. This time around he's enlisted the help of ex-con Roman Pierce (Tyrese) and fellow agent Monica Celemente (Eva Mendes) to bring down Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), an importer/exporter who heads up a massive drug trafficking operation. Heading up the supporting cast are hip-hop stars Ludacris and Fabolous.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Singleton	Gary Scott Thompson|Derek Haas|Michael Brandt	20030606	20030930	It doesn't have a brain in its head, but it's made with skill and style and, boy, is it fast and furious.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20030606
"Fifteen-year-old Jim Hawkins stumbles upon a map to the greatest pirate trove in the universe. The tale follows Jim's fantastic journey across a parallel universe as cabin boy aboard a glittering space galleon. Befriended by the ship's charismatic cyborg (part man, part machine) cook John Silver, Jim blossoms under his guidance, and shows the makings of a fine spacer as he and the alien crew battle supernovas, black holes and ferocious space storms. But even greater dangers lie ahead when Jim discovers that his trusted friend Sliver is actually a scheming pirate with mutiny in mind. Confronted with a betrayal that cuts deep into his soul, Jim is transformed from boy to man as he finds the strength to face down the mutineers and discovers a ""treasure"" greater than he had ever imagined."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ron Clements|John Musker	Sam Levine|Alex Mann|Ron Clements|John Musker|Rob Edwards	20021127	20030429	Moody, involving and endlessly inventive, Treasure Planet lacks only the element of delight, of joyfulness that marks the very best animation has to offer.	3/4	fresh	Susan Stark	1	Detroit News	20021127
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	Very stylish.	B	fresh	Dennis Schwartz	0	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	20080427
In this filmization of John Fowles' original novel, we watch as Sara, a 19th-century Englishwoman ruined by an affair with a French lieutenant, enters into another disastrous relationship. Viewers are made aware that what they're seeing is a film. This is done by surrounding the story with a modern narrative.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Karel Reisz	Harold Pinter	19810801	20010904		4/5	fresh	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20031107
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	the world of the film is so narrow that pre-occupation Japan looks like a feudal Disneyland, where everybody knew their place and the cherry blossoms were always falling	2/5	rotten	Chris Barsanti	0	Filmcritic.com	20051208
A boy from a broken home finds a friend in an insular, spiritual shopkeeper in this period drama from writer/director Fran	R	Art House and International Drama			20031205	20040706	Better when it's resisting the need to be about something, the movie starts strong.	3.5/5	fresh	Steve Schneider	0	Orlando Weekly	20040402
Imagine the end of the world. Now imagine something worse. Award-winning filmmaker Trey Edward Shults follows his incredible debut feature KRISHA with IT COMES AT NIGHT, a horror film following a man (Joel Edgerton) as he learns that the evil stalking his family home may be only a prelude to horrors that come from within. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, the tenuous domestic order he has established with his wife and son is put to the ultimate test with the arrival of a desperate young family seeking refuge. Despite the best intentions of both families, paranoia and mistrust boil over as the horrors outside creep ever-closer, awakening something hidden and monstrous within him as he learns that the protection of his family comes at the cost of his soul.	R	Drama Horror	Trey Edward Shults	Trey Edward Shults	20170609	20170912	Comes at Night will not be perfect, but you can't deny the great talent of this director who with just two films in his filmography, promises to be a force to be taken into account. [Full review in Spanish]	7.5/10	fresh		0		20170710
"Howard W. Campbell Jr. (Nick Nolte) is an American playwright living in pre-World War II Berlin. He is happily married to his lovely wife Helga (Sheryl Lee), and is acclaimed for his work, which gains him entree into Berlin's highest political and social circles. Then one day he's approached by Frank Wirtenan (John Goodman), an American intelligence agent who offers Campbell the opportunity to spy for his country. Campbell refuses. He wonders why he was asked. ""You're obsessed with the notion of pure hearts and heroism. You love good and you hate evil ...and you'd sacrifice anything in the name of romance,"" Wirtenan tells him. So Campbell agrees. He seamlessly infiltrates the Nazis and gets a job spewing hateful Nazi propaganda on a weekly radio show beamed across Europe. He barely survives the war, his wife supposedly doesn't, and finds himself living in New York City, penniless and befriended by a next-door neighbor, a painter and fellow widower (Alan Arkin). He might have lived quietly beyond that, but gets found by a ragged group of American neo-Nazis -- and, incredibly, his wife. The neo-Nazis publicize his presence and he learns that his neighbor is actually a spy and that his wife is really her little sister. Guilt-stricken and alone, Campbell turns himself in to the Israelis, who charge him with being a war criminal. He's about to go on trial in Israel when he receives a letter from Wirteman promising to reveal his heroic spying and exonerate him, but Campbell hangs himself in his cell."	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Keith Gordon		19961101	20000822		7/10	fresh	Dragan Antulov	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20030520
"Mark Felt - The Man Who Brought Down the White House centers on ""Deep Throat"", the pseudonym given to the notorious whistleblower for one of the greatest scandals of all time, Watergate. The true identity of the secret informant remained a mystery and source of much public curiosity and speculation for more than 30 years. That is until, in 2005, special agent Mark Felt shockingly revealed himself as the tipster. This unbelievable true story chronicles the personal and professional life of the brilliant and uncompromising Felt, who risked and ultimately sacrificed everything - his family, his career, his freedom - in the name of justice."	PG-13	Drama	Peter Landesman	Peter Landesman	20170929	20180109	Mark Felt is a lacklustre staging of a fascinating episode in recent US history. Despite Neeson's strong presence, this is a deep throat that never finds its voice.	2/5	rotten	Ian Freer	0	Empire Magazine	20180320
Connery's decision to quit as Bond left Broccoli and Saltzman with a headache. The press went into overdrive speculating on Connery's successor; while the producers chose good-looking Australian actor George Lazenby after successful screen tests. Avengers superstar Diana Rigg was brought in as an added lure and the resulting action-packed film ensured that the franchise would continue.	PG	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Romance	Peter Hunt	Richard Maibaum|Simon Raven	19691218	20000516	Best of the Bonds, thanks in no small part to Diana Rigg.	5/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20030512
Disaster follows when a long-dormant volcano suddenly reawakens. When strange things begin to happen around the peaceful town of Dante's Peak, noted vulcanologist Harry Dalton is sent to investigate. Harry's investigation leads him to believe that a volcanic catastrophe is imminent, although his disbelieving superior refuses to warn the townsfolk.	PG-13	Action and Adventure	Roger Donaldson	Leslie Bohem	19970207	19980120		7/10	fresh	Scott Renshaw	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
SNL alumni Tina Fey steps into the well worn shoes of journalist Kim Barker in Paramount Pictures' adaptation of Barker's memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan, which details her years as a reporter in Pakistan and Afghanistan beginning in 2002.	R	Comedy Drama	Glenn Ficarra|John Requa	Robert Carlock	20160304	20160628	"True to its title, as well as its flawed but sympathetic protagonist, ""Whiskey Tango Foxtrot"" is more confused than cynical or opportunistic. Its bewilderment is contagious, and ultimately endearing."	2.5/4	fresh	Ann Hornaday	1	Washington Post	20160303
"""The 400 Blows"" marks the birth of legendary nouvelle vague character Antoine Doinel; his is the story of a 13-year-old wild child whose adventures were based on director Francois Truffaut's own adolescence."	NR	Art House and International Classics Drama			19591116	19980324	One of the best movies about childhood ever made because it's really a movie for adults. Without sentiment, it looks at the fears, doubts, and anxieties of childhood.	4/4	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20050613
"Following memorable roles in the military action-adventures Pearl Harbor (2001) and Black Hawk Down (2001), young actor Josh Hartnett is propelled to romantic leading man status with this semi-autobiographical comedy from screenwriter Rob Perez. Hartnett stars as Matt Sullivan, a young man smarting over the bitter breakup of his most recent relationship. With Lent approaching, Matt decides to observe the 40-day tradition by abstaining from all sexual contact, including self-gratification. Once his odyssey of discipline has begun, he meets the girl of his dreams, while his ex begins campaigning to get him back. Co-starring Shannyn Sossamon, Maggie Gyllenhaal, and Vinessa Shaw, 40 Days and 40 Nights inspired another round of controversy between distributor Miramax and the Catholic League, which accused the film of being a ""vulgar parody"" of Lent. The League previously protested the company's releases of Priest (1994) and Dogma (1999)."	R	Comedy Mystery and Suspense Romance	Michael Lehmann	Rob Perez|Robert Perez	20020301	20020917	This is a movie that longs to be naughty, but never knows how to go far enough to truly surprise.	C-	rotten	Marshall Fine	0	Journal News (Westchester, NY)	20020715
"Johnny Knoxville and his crew of fun-loving masochists bring their routines to the big screen in this feature adaptation of the popular but controversial MTV series Jackass. A crew of young men perform a variety of strange, painful, and often humiliating stunts for the amusement of themselves and those around them, including crawling across dozens of mousetraps while wearing rodent make-up, being rolled down bowling lanes on skateboards, racing in golf carts across an ancient driving range, giving themselves self-inflicted paper cuts, making snow cones out of urine, tightrope walking over live alligators, using uninstalled sanitary plumbing in a hardware store, terrifying Japanese pedestrians while wearing panda costumes, and much, much more. Johnny Knoxville, the show's creator and star, returns to head up this movie version of Jackass, along with series regulars Bam Margera, Ryan Dunn, Chris Pontius, Steve-O, Dave England, Jason ""Wee Man"" Acuna, Preston Lacy, Ehren McGhehey, and Brandon DiCamillo; Henry Rollins, Tony Hawk, and Spike Jonze are among the movie's guest stars."	R	Comedy Documentary	Jeff Tremaine	Jeff Tremaine|Johnny Knoxville	20021025	20030325	Beer is a source of silicon, a mineral which helps strengthening bones. Offering proof of this is Jackass: the Movie.	2.5/4	rotten	Kevin N. Laforest	0	Montreal Film Journal	20021025
Columnist Steve Lopez is at a dead end. The newspaper business is in an uproar, his marriage to a fellow journalist has fallen apart and he can't entirely remember what he loved about his job in the first place. Then, one day, while walking through Los Angeles' Skid Row, he sees the mysterious bedraggled figure Nathaniel Ayers, pouring his soul into a two-stringed violin. At first, Lopez approaches Ayers as just another story idea in a city of millions. But as he begins to unearth the mystery of how this alternately brilliant and distracted street musician, once a dynamic prodigy headed for fame, wound up living in tunnels and doorways, it sparks an unexpected quest. Imagining he can change Ayers' life, Lopez embarks on a quixotic mission to get him off the streets and back to the world of music. But even as he fights to save Ayers' life, he begins to see that it is Ayers--with his unsinkable passion, his freedom-loving obstinacy and his valiant attempts at connection and love--who is profoundly changing Lopez.	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Joe Wright	Susannah Grant	20090424	20090804	Credit 'The Soloist' for avoiding sappiness while treating us to parts of Ludwig B's masterworks.	B+	fresh	Harvey S. Karten	0	Compuserve	20090422
Frankie is a Los Angeles drug dealer. He comes from a good family, owns his home, several cars and enjoys partying with his friends. Frankie is 19. When his friend Jake welches on a debt, Frankie and his boys kidnap Jake's 15-year-old brother Butch and hold him as a marker. Even though Butch has numerous chances to escape, he doesn't. He's enjoying partying with them, losing his virginity and having a good time -- until something goes horribly wrong.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Nick Cassavetes	Nick Cassavetes	20070112	20070501	[Alpha Dog is] intermittently bemused or tragic, but utterly lacking a conscience or a point of view.	C	rotten	Scott Tobias	1	AV Club	20070112
Crossing new lines and breaking old barriers, A HAUNTED HOUSE 2 is the sequel to the hilarious box-office hit starring Marlon Wayans as Malcolm who, after exorcising the demons of his ex, is starting fresh with his new girlfriend and her two children. After moving into their dream home, Malcolm is once again plagued by bizarre paranormal events. With spine-tingling tension and hilarious punch-lines A HAUNTED HOUSE 2 is inspired by the latest supernatural horror movie franchises and shows that this time... it's not just the house that's haunted	R	Comedy	Michael Tiddes	Marlon Wayans	20140418	20140812	Repugnant	1/5	rotten	Bill Gibron	0	Film Racket	20140422
For this film adaptation of Peter Shaffer's Broadway hit, director Milos Forman returned to the city of Prague that he'd left behind during the Czech political crises of 1968, bringing along his usual cinematographer and fellow Czech expatriate, Miroslav Ondr	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Milos Forman	Peter Shaffer	19840906	19971216	"The urge to revisit old successes in an attempt to ""improve"" upon them is a risky venture at best."	3/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20020705
On the morning of his re-election, the President decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his black and white view of the world, holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President's apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut (and the President's personal fave), the weekly talent show American Dreamz. America can't seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed, ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally, a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend, and Omer, a recent Southern Californian immigrant (who just happens to be a bumbling, show tune singing, would-be terrorist awaiting activation). When both Sally and Omer make it to the final round of Dreamz -- where the President will be judging along with Tweed -- the stage is set for a show the nation will never forget.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Paul Weitz	Paul Weitz	20060421	20061003	Pokes fun at a program that doesn't take itself seriously, cutting down easy targets like an eighth-grade bully picking fights with first graders.	1.5/4	rotten	Sean O'Connell	0	Charlotte Weekly	20060427
Since they met at a party, ambitious high-flyer Nat and struggling novelist Josh have been deliriously happy despite their differences. Josh is a thinker, Nat's a doer..but the spark between them is undeniable. Their wedding is a dream come true, but family, friends and even the minister who marries them aren't convinced that they can last. Josh's ex-girlfriend, Chloe, and Nat's handsome American client Guy, could offer attractive alternatives. With their first anniversary approaching, neither wants to be the first to give up, but will they make it? (c) Magnolia	R	Art House and International Comedy Romance	Dan Mazer	Dan Mazer	20130809	20131022	Dan Mazer's film about a couple who got married too quickly is both funny and plausible, if slightly constricted by its romcom template.	3/5	fresh	Peter Bradshaw	0	Guardian	20130207
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	Benedict Cumberbatch's sensitive, moving performance is the film's beating heart, and the best reason to see it.	3/5	fresh	Brian Viner	0	Daily Mail (UK)	20150104
This holiday season, acclaimed filmmaker Cameron Crowe (Jerry Maguire, Almost Famous) directs an amazing and true story about a single dad who decides his family needs a fresh start, so he and his two children move to the most unlikely of places: a zoo. With the help of an eclectic staff, and with many misadventures along the way, the family works to return the dilapidated zoo to its former wonder and glory. -- (C) Official Site	PG	Comedy Drama	Cameron Crowe	Aline Brosh McKenna|Cameron Crowe	20111223	20120403	The movie has animals, kids and fine acting from Matt Damon and Scarlett Johansson, but it lacks the emotional honesty and unpredictability that made Crowe's early films so irresistible.	2/4	rotten	Rafer Guzman	1	Newsday	20120105
"The third installment of director Edgar Wright's trilogy of comedies starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, following the successes ""Shaun of the Dead"" (2004) and ""Hot Fuzz"" (2007). In ""The World's End,"" 20 years after attempting an epic pub crawl, five childhood friends reunite when one of them becomes hellbent on trying the drinking marathon again. They are convinced to stage an encore by Gary King (Simon Pegg), a 40-year-old man trapped at the cigarette end of his teens, who drags his reluctant pals to their hometown and once again attempts to reach the fabled pub - The World's End. As they attempt to reconcile the past and present, they realize the real struggle is for the future, not just theirs but humankind's. Reaching The World's End is the least of their worries. (c) Focus Features"	R	Comedy	Edgar Wright	Edgar Wright|Simon Pegg	20130823	20131119	The movie never makes fun of geek tropes, but it does indulge in rapid-fire pop culture allusions that go so bloody fast you need to see it twice to catch them all.	3.5/4	fresh	Karen D'Souza	1	San Jose Mercury News	20130821
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	The Curious Case of Benjamin Button isn't about a man who lives backwards or a woman who lives forwards ... Get past the plot, the pitch, and the technique, and you can see it as a reminder that all we can do is live now.	4/5	fresh	James Rocchi	0	Cinematical	20081223
Based on a Michael Crichton best-seller, Philip Kaufman's look at power, corruption and lies in Japanese-owned corporate America follows veteran-cop John Connor (Sean Connery) and his rookie partner Web Smith (Wesley Snipes) as they investigate the death of a prostitute whose body was found in the boardroom of a high-powered, Japanese-run Los Angeles conglomerate.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Philip Kaufman	David Mamet|Philip Kaufman|Michael Crichton|Michael Backes	19930730	20000620		3/5	fresh	Jules Brenner	0	Cinema Signals	20030611
Until he was downsized, affable, amiable Larry Crowne (Tom Hanks) was a superstar team leader at the big-box company where he's worked since his time in the Navy. Underwater on his mortgage and unclear on what to do with his suddenly free days, Larry heads to his local college to start over. There he becomes part of a colorful community of outcasts, also-rans and the overlooked all trying to find a better future for themselves...often moving around town in a herd of scooters. In his public-speaking class, Larry develops an unexpected crush on his teacher Mercedes Tainot (Julia Roberts), who has lost as much passion for teaching as she has for her husband. -- (C) Universal Pictures	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Tom Hanks	Tom Hanks|Nia Vardalos	20110701	20111115	How could a man so adept at comedy, and so savvy in general, be responsible for such a flavorless pile of glop?	D+	rotten	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20110701
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601		3/5	fresh		0	Independent (UK)	20050307
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	Skyfall is not simply one of the very best Bond films, it's one of the year's best movies, period.	4.5/5	fresh	Edward Johnson-Ott	0	NUVO Newsweekly	20151004
Imagine the end of the world. Now imagine something worse. Award-winning filmmaker Trey Edward Shults follows his incredible debut feature KRISHA with IT COMES AT NIGHT, a horror film following a man (Joel Edgerton) as he learns that the evil stalking his family home may be only a prelude to horrors that come from within. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, the tenuous domestic order he has established with his wife and son is put to the ultimate test with the arrival of a desperate young family seeking refuge. Despite the best intentions of both families, paranoia and mistrust boil over as the horrors outside creep ever-closer, awakening something hidden and monstrous within him as he learns that the protection of his family comes at the cost of his soul.	R	Drama Horror	Trey Edward Shults	Trey Edward Shults	20170609	20170912	It's a simple exercise in terror that avoids too much explicit violence, and a quietly impressive little movie.	3.5/5	fresh	David Stratton	0	The Australian	20170714
"This 1973 film, based on the novel by Harry Harrison, won a Nebula Award for ""Best Science Fiction Film"" and marks the final screen appearance of Edward G. Robinson. It predicts a Malthusian future for the human race; overpopulation has overstressed the food-production capacity of the planet, resulting in desperation at all levels. Detective Thorn (Charlton Heston) shares an extremely tiny ""apartment"" with retired researcher Soi Roth (Edward G. Robinson). In the overpopulation depicted here, it is impossible to get anywhere without walking over, under, or around someone. Thorn has been hired to investigate the murder of a top industrialist (Joseph Cotton), the man whose company manufactures the life-sustaining wafers called Soylent Green, the only means of survival for the swarming hordes of poor people."	PG	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Fleischer		19730509	20030805		3/5	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20021202
THE ROVER, David Michod's highly anticipated follow-up to ANIMAL KINGDOM, is set in a world 10 years following the collapse of society. The rule of the law has disintegrated and life is cheap. The film follows hardened loner Eric (Pearce) as he travels the desolate towns and roads of the outback. When a gang of thieves steals his car they leave behind a wounded Rey (Pattinson) in their wake. Forcing Rey to help track the gang, Eric will go to any lengths to take back the one thing that still matters to him. Michod also wrote the film based on a story he conceived with Joel Edgerton. (c) A24	R	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy Western			20140613	20140923	You might call it a morality play, if there were any morality to speak of at play.	3.5/5	fresh	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20140619
This is a romantic comedy set in Paris about a family that goes there because of business, and two young people who are engaged to be married in the fall have experiences there that change their lives. It's about a young man's great love for a city, Paris, and the illusion people have that a life different from theirs would be much better. It stars Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates, Carla Bruni, among others. -- (C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	20110610	20111220	Woody Allen's unhurried tribute to the art, passion and power of the written word and to Paris is fabulous. His best film in a decade. 	5/5	fresh	Gary Wolcott	0	Tri-City Herald	20110610
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	Watching it is like having your funny bone struck repeatedly, expertly and very much too hard by a karate super-black-belt capable of bringing a rhino to its knees with a single punch behind the ear.	4/5	fresh	Peter Bradshaw	0	Guardian	20180112
Directed by Marco Tullio Giordana and La Meglio Gioventu, this film chronicles the youth, emotional development, and milestone events in the lives of brothers Nicola (Luigi Lo Cascio and Matteo Carti (Alessio Boni) between 1966 and the early 2000s. Despite being polar opposites -- Nicola is a free spirited, romantic psychiatrist; Matteo is an angst-ridden idealist and member of the Italian police force -- the brothers stay connected through the nature of life, family, and time, even during their long periods of separation from one another.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Marco Tullio Giordana	Stefano Rulli|Sandro Petraglia	20030622	20060207	It maintains a defiant optimism that the actions of individuals matter.	4/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20050810
Ridley Scott directs the crime comedy Matchstick Men, based on the novel of the same name by Eric Garcia. Neurotic con man Roy (Nicolas Cage) suffers from several emotional problems, including obsessive-compulsive disorder. He and his partner Frank (Sam Rockwell) swindle people out of money by posing as money collectors who promise things like tax refunds, package vacations, and other fabulous prizes (which they never get). Frank wants to pull a really big job, but Roy is too consumed with fear and panic attacks to join him. Only cigarettes and his trusty illegal prescription drugs seem to keep him going. When Roy finds himself in desperate need of more pills, he is forced to see legitimate psychotherapist Dr. Klein (Bruce Altman). Roy ends up talking about his emotional damage from a troubled marriage and divorce, which results in the discovery of a child whom he has never met. Dr. Klein suggests that he spend a weekend with the kid, so in walks teenaged Angela (played by twentysomething Alison Lohman). Reluctant to develop his role as a father, Roy also gets heavily involved in Frank's ambitious swindle.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Ridley Scott	Nicholas Griffin|Ted Griffin	20030912	20040601	An engaging spin on the reliable crime subgenre of lovable thieves.	B+	fresh	Bruce Westbrook	1	Houston Chronicle	20030912
Three sisters Sachi, Yoshino and Chika live together in a large house in the city of Kamakura. When their father absent from the family home for the last 15 years dies, they travel to the countryside for his funeral and meet their shy teenage half-sister. Bonding quickly with the orphaned Suzu, they invite her to live with them. Suzu eagerly agrees, and a new life of joyful discovery begins for the four siblings.	PG	Drama	Hirokazu Koreeda	Hirokazu Koreeda	20160708	20161122	Kore-eda seems to have bitten off more than he can chew, delivering an uneven and ultimately superficial story of emotional maturation.	C	rotten	Giovanni Marchini	0	The Film Stage	20160222
Set in rural America in 1964, an immigrant and single mother who works at a factory takes refuge from her hardships by imagining herself and her co-workers in Hollywood musicals.	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Lars von Trier	Lars von Trier	20000923	20010320		A-	fresh	Bryant Frazer	0	Bryant Frazer's Deep Focus	20000101
"Steven Spielberg filters J. M. Barrie's Peter Pan through a distinctly 1990s sensibility in Hook. Peter Pan has become Peter Banning (Robin Williams), a 40-year-old mergers and acquisitions lawyer with a permanent scowl on his face and a cellular phone in his belt. Banning has lost any memory of being Peter Pan, and he is also in danger of losing his wife Moira (Caroline Goodall) and two children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott). Peter and his family travel to London to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith) who recalls Peter's lost youth and asks him, ""Peter, dear, don't you know who you are?"" With Peter's children asleep in the same bedroom where the original Peter Pan story began, there is a blinding flash. Peter comes into the room to discover a note from Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman), informing Peter that he has kidnapped his children. Granny Wendy now tells him who he really is and encourages him to re-discover his happy thoughts, transform himself into the Peter Pan of the past, and go rescue his children. With the encouragement of Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), Peter recalls the birth of his son and once again takes wing. Then it's off to Never Land to rescue his kids."	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg		19911211	20000321		2/5	rotten	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20040221
Get ready to go deeper undercover with Ricardo Tubbs (Jamie Foxx) and Sonny Crockett (Colin Farrell) in this Unrated Director's Edition that includes footage not seen in theaters	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Michael Mann	Michael Mann	20060728	20061205	Miami Vice, although stunning to look at, is ultimately a joyless viewing experience.	2/5	rotten	Annlee Ellingson	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20060727
"Returning to the Ireland of his birth, director John Ford fashions a irresistable valentine to the ""Auld Sod"" in The Quiet Man. Irish-American boxer John Wayne, recovering from the trauma of having accidentally killed a man in the ring, arrives in the Irish village where he was born. Hoping to bury his past and settle down to a life of tranquility, Wayne has purchased the home of his birth from wealthy local widow Mildred Natwick, a transaction that has incurred the wrath of pugnacious squire Victor McLaglen, who coveted the property for himself. By and by, Wayne falls in love with McLaglen's beautiful, high-spirited sister Maureen O'Hara. Her insistence that Wayne conduct his courtship in a proper Irish manner-with puckish matchmaker Barry Fitzgerald along for the ride as ""chaperone""--is but one obstacle to their future happiness: the other is McLaglen, who spitefully refuses to give his consent to his sister's marriage, or to honor the tradition of paying a dowry to Wayne. Wayne could care less about dowries, but the tradition-bound Maureen refuses to consummate her marriage until McLaglen pays up. Under any other circumstances, Wayne would have punched out the bullying McLaglen long ago, but ever since his tragedy in the ring he has been reluctant to fight. Local priest Ward Bond conspires with several locals to trick McLaglen into paying his due. They intimate that widow Natwick, for whom McLaglen carries a torch, will marry the old brute if he'll give his consent to the marriage and fork over the dowry. But McLaglen finds he's been tricked and the situation remains at a standoff, with the frustrated Wayne locked out of his wife's bedroom. When Maureen accuses him of being a coward and walks out on him, our hero can stand no more. He marches Maureen to McLaglen's home, indicating that he plans to whale the tar out of both brother and sister. As a huge and appreciative crowd gathers the cornered McLaglen truculently tosses the money in Wayne's direction. Big John hands the bills to Maureen, just as she knew he would, and she ceremoniously destroys the money, just as he knew je would. Having proven their love for each other, there is nothing left for Wayne and Maureen to do but head home and perform their nuptual duties. But first there's the matter of giving McLaglen the thrashing he deserves....and it is this spectacular donnybrook, which covers several acres of land and at least two ""pit stops"" so that the combatants can quench their thirst, which convinces Natwick that the defeated McLaglen is truly worthy of her love (her logic is on a par with everyone else's in the film"	G	Classics Comedy Drama Romance	John Ford		19520814	20010220	Although not a true classic, The Quiet Man is worth more than a cursory glance, especially for those who like Wayne or would like to experience more of his work.	3/4	fresh	James Berardinelli	1	ReelViews	20000101
Forget terrorists or hijackers -- there's a handful of deadly assassins aboard a jet liner and they don't even have arms or legs in this airborne thriller. Neville Flynn (Samuel L. Jackson) is an FBI agent handling what seems like a routine assignment -- serving as bodyguard for Sean Jones (Nathan Phillips), a Hawaiian surfer dude who is flying to California to testify in a high-profile criminal trial after witnessing mobster Eddie Kim (Byron Lawson) murdering one of his underlings. However, Flynn's job gets a lot more challenging when he discovers Kim's associates don't want Jones to talk, and have devised a unique way to ensure his silence. A cache of highly dangerous poisonous snakes has been hidden on board the jet, and is released using a timed mechanism once the flight is well underway. The snakes quickly attack several members of the flight crew and are eagerly eying the passengers when Flynn decides its time to get medieval on the reptiles. Also starring Rachel Blanchard, Benjamin McKenzie, and Mark Houghton, Snakes on a Plane was produced under the title of Pacific Air Flight 121, but in several interviews Samuel L. Jackson expressed his enthusiasm for the script's original title, Snakes on a Plane, and the high-concept moniker quickly made the film's title and theme a favorite with bloggers and on Internet fan sites all over the world.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Mystery and Suspense			20060818	20070102		3/4	fresh	Joe Lozito	0	Big Picture Big Sound	20070714
Natalie Portman stars in this western concerning a woman who has to defend her home against a group of outlaws. Gavin O'Connor handles directing duties, with Ewan McGregor and Joel Edgerton co-starring.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western			20160129	20160426	Natalie Portman propels this revisionist, female-centric Western that one wishes were better... 	5/10	rotten	Susan Granger	0	SSG Syndicate	20160406
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	Has all the mechanized ingenuity of one of those dazzling Tripods, but the bigger they are....it's the gutless ending that renders War of the Worlds most insulting.	2.5/4	rotten	Peter Canavese	0	Groucho Reviews	20050628
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	"Haynes maintains the film's temperature at a low simmer and expertly brings it to the boil, but while ""Carol"" builds to a scene of intense eroticism, it's mostly about all the things you can't reach out and touch."	4/4	fresh	Ty Burr	1	Boston Globe	20160103
Versatile Canadian comedian Martin Short plays a 10-year old boy in this comedy aimed at younger audiences. The tale is told in flashback to another little boy. Clifford is a manipulative brat. Clifford really wants to visit Dinosaur World in Los Angeles. Clifford wants to go so badly that he manages to force the Hawaii bound plane he and his parents are on to land in L.A. His parents need to attend a convention in Hawaii so they leave him with his Uncle Martin who despises children. Martin's fiance adores kids, so he pretends to be ecstatic about Clifford's visit. He must also pretend that Clifford is the angel child he isn't. Because Martin reneges on a promise to take him to Dinosaur World, Clifford begins an elaborate plot for revenge.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Flaherty	Will Aldis|Jay Dee Rock|Steven Kampmann|Bobby Vonhayes	19940401	20040302		1/5	rotten	Tony Toscano	0	Talking Pictures (U.S.)	20030206
A man who writes the book on ending a romance runs into rough sledding while starting a new one in this comedy. Quincy (Jamie Foxx) is a magazine editor whose life takes an unexpected turn for the worse when his fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Daniel Taplitz	Daniel Taplitz	20040514	20041012	...the comedy never tried to stretch beyond being common.	2/4	rotten	Tony Toscano	0	Talking Pictures (U.S.)	20040520
"Albert Hughes and his brother Allen Hughes followed their striking debut Menace II Society with this ambitious look at the social and political lives of the African-American community in the late 1960s and early 1970s. Anthony Curtis (Larenz Tate) is a young man coming of age in the Bronx in 1968. Working two part-time jobs -- one as a milkman's helper and another for local numbers runner Kirby (Keith David) -- Anthony is torn between doing the right thing and trying to get by in a environment that offers few opportunities to young black men. After graduating from high school, Anthony decides to join the Marines, news that is not well-received by his parents, who want him to go to college, or his girlfriend Juanita (Rose Jackson), with whom Anthony recently lost his virginity. After serving a horrific tour of duty in Viet Nam with his friends Skip (Chris Tucker) and Jose (Freddy Rodriguez), Anthony finds himself back home in 1973, where Juanita has been raising the child he fathered before he shipped out, drugs and crime have crippled his community, and honest job prospects are practically nil. Eventually, Anthony falls in with Kirby, Skip, and Jose, who have teamed with Juanita's sister Delilah (N'Bushe Wright), a Black Power activist, and Cleon (Bokeem Woodbine), in a scheme to rob an armored truck taking worn greenbacks (""dead presidents"") to a mint to be destroyed. Martin Sheen and Seymour Cassel appear unbilled in small roles."	R	Drama	Allen Hughes|Albert Hughes	Michael Henry Brown|Albert Hughes|Allen Hughes	19951006	19980519		3/4	fresh	Susan Stark	1	Detroit News	20000101
A straight-arrow accountant hits it off with a wild, highly adventurous woman, and together they impulsively embark upon an unpredictable journey. A modern take on a screwball comedy with dramatic overtones, the film follows the mismatched couple as they find themselves in deeper trouble than either of them ever expected.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama	Jonathan Demme		19861022	20010605		3/5	fresh	Sarah Chauncey	0	Reel.com	20040604
Real-life sweethearts Michael Cera and Charlyne Yi star in a fictionalized version of their romance in this indie semi-documentary comedy, written by Yi. Playing themselves, Yi and Cera embark on a scripted version of their own story. In the movie, Yi has agreed to be the subject of a documentary about her quest to discover if love really exists, since she's never experienced it. As part of her participation in the project, she has a film crew follow her around throughout every new development in her love life -- which gets complicated when she starts dating fellow comedian Cera. This portion of the film is all narrative, and was written into the script, but also as part of the documentary, Yi travels the country interviewing various people about their opinions and experiences with love, and these portions of the film are real -- the interviewees are not actors. Melding truth and fantasy, Paper Heart uses equal parts comedy and realism to resolve the ultimate question of whether love is fact or fiction.	PG-13	Comedy	Nicholas Jasenovec	Nicholas Jasenovec|Charlyne Yi	20090814	20091201	Every beat of Yi's manufactured crisis of faith feels as pre-programmed in its own way as a Michael Bay movie.	D+	rotten	Keith Phipps	1	AV Club	20090806
"Once one of the world's top masked crime fighters, Bob Parr--known to all as ""Mr. Incredible""--fought evil and saved lives on a daily basis. But now fifteen years later, Bob and his wife--a famous superhero in her own right--have adopted civilian identities and retreated to the suburbs to live normal lives with their three kids. Now he's a clock-punching insurance claims adjuster fighting boredom and a bulging waistline. Itching to get back into action, Bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top-secret assignment."	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Brad Bird	Brad Bird	20041105	20050315	Another instant classic.	A	fresh		0	E! Online	20041105
In the 3D animated comedy, The Angry Birds Movie, we'll finally find out why the birds are so angry. The movie takes us to an island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds--or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red (Jason Sudeikis), a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck (Josh Gad), and the volatile Bomb (Danny McBride) have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.	PG	Animation Kids and Family	Clay Kaytis|Fergal Reilly	Jon Vitti	20160520	20160816	Angry Birds is -- really sorry about this one -- a hoot.	4/5	fresh	Harry Guerin	0		20160512
"The novel of the same name by author Tom Savage becomes this horror film starring Marley Shelton as Kate Davies. Kate's in a troubled relationship with journalist Adam Carr (David Boreanaz), a problem drinker, but she receives support from her best friends, the same four girls she's known since grade school: Paige Prescott (Denise Richards), Dorothy Wheeler (Jessica Capshaw), Lily Voight (Jessica Cauffel), and Shelly Fisher (Katherine Heigl). When Shelly is murdered and the other girls begin receiving gruesome Valentine's Day cards signed ""JM,"" they begin to speculate that the killer could be an awkward schoolmate named Jeremy Melton, whom they once teased mercilessly at a school dance, leading to his beating and humiliation. Dorothy in particular is afraid that a false accusation she made against Jeremy might be causing him to seek bloody retribution, but the macho detective (Fulvio Cecere) assigned to investigate Shelly's murder has some other suspects in mind. As the body count is racked up and Dorothy's lavish Valentine's Day party approaches, Kate begins to suspect that the true identity of Jeremy, who likely underwent plastic surgery to alter his appearance, could hit very close to home. Valentine is the second slasher flick from Urban Legend (1998) director Jamie Blanks."	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Jamie Blanks		20010202	20010724	Just when the slasher genre had mercifully been left for dead, along comes this abysmally wasteful exercise to drain it of whatever life it has left.	0/4	rotten	Michael Dequina	0	TheMovieReport.com	20011011
"Former cop Brian O'Conner (Paul Walker) partners with ex-con Dom Toretto (Vin Diesel) on the opposite side of the law. Dwayne Johnson joins returning favorites Jordana Brewster, Tyrese Gibson, Chris ""Ludacris"" Bridges, Matt Schulze, Sung Kang, Gal Gadot, Tego Calderon and Don Omar for this ultimate high-stakes race. Since Brian and Mia Toretto (Brewster) broke Dom out of custody, they've blown across many borders to elude authorities. Now backed into a corner in Rio de Janeiro, they must pull one last job in order to gain their freedom. As they assemble their elite team of top racers, the unlikely allies know their only shot of getting out for good means confronting the corrupt businessman who wants them dead. But he's not the only one on their tail. Hard-nosed federal agent Luke Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) never misses his target. -- (C) Universal"	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Justin Lin	Chris Morgan	20110429	20111004	At the very least, petrol-headed punters won't be left fuming by what whizzes past in a blur here.	2.5/5	fresh	Leigh Paatsch	0	Herald Sun (Australia)	20110421
A woman finds herself drafted into the battle of finding the perfect man in this romantic comedy. Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane) is a kindergarten teacher in her mid-thirties who is still dealing with the emotional aftermath of her divorce eight months ago. While her sisters, Christine (Ali Hillis) and Carol (Elizabeth Perkins), both think Sarah needs to start dating again, Sarah herself isn't so sure. Carol decides to force the issue by posting Sarah's photo and profile on an Internet dating site, and soon a number of seemingly eligible bachelors are sending her e-mails in hopes of a date. However, nearly every man she meets turns out to be a loser, with the exception of Jake (John Cusack), who is smart, good looking, and even brings along a dog for their walk in the park (though he doesn't tell her the pooch was borrowed for the occasion). However, Sarah also makes the acquaintance of Bob (Dermot Mulroney), the divorced father of one of her students, and she finds herself having to choose between two potentially worthwhile men. Meanwhile, Sarah's widowed father, Bill (Christopher Plummer), decides to give Internet dating a try, and lands himself a new steady in Dolly (Stockard Channing). Must Love Dogs is based on the best-selling novel of the same title by Claire Cook.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary David Goldberg	Gary David Goldberg	20050729	20051220	Diane Lane and John Cusack have such terrific chemistry together in the genial romantic comedy Must Love Dogs that it's a wonder these two veteran performers have never been teamed before.	2.5/4	fresh	Lou Lumenick	1	New York Post	20050729
"""Into the Blue"" is a high-stakes thriller set in the deep, shark-infested waters of the Bahamas. When young divers discover the wreckage of a cargo plane at the bottom of the sea, they believe their dream of buried treasure has come true. What they don't realize is that millions of dollars of illegal goods are in that sunken plane and a group of dangerous criminals are already desperately searching for it. As tensions mount and the friends begin to fight about what to do with their find, others get closer to discovering their secret -- and the treasure hunters quickly become the hunted."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Stockwell	Matt Johnson	20050930	20051226	Let's just say the scenery is incredible. Oh, and it was shot in the Bahamas, so the locations are pretty sweet too.	2.5/5	rotten	Kevin Carr	0	7M Pictures	20050930
In this glossy L.A. crime drama by Mike Figgis, Andy Garcia stars as Sgt. Raymond Avila, a cop who just joined the Internal Affairs division of the L.A.P.D. An investigation into police corruption has led Avila and his partner, Sgt. Amy Wallace (Laurie Metcalf), to Officer Dennis Peck (Richard Gere). Avila suspects something about Peck from the beginning; his influence and dominance over others seems to extend further than the reach of his badge. When officers who wish to testify against Peck start dying, the depth of his corruption becomes increasingly clear; at his disposal, he has an army of cops and criminals alike. He even agrees to assassinate a sleazy businessman's own parents, and humiliates the businessman while they make the deal. In his drive to dominate others, Peck attempts to seduce almost every woman around him and is obsessed with children and fatherhood. Peck is most dangerous when the investigation threatens his territory and his extended family; he stalks Avila and turns him against his wife (Nancy Travis).	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Mike Figgis	Henry Bean	19900112	19990309	[An] entertaining film that didn't deserve to sink into oblivion.	7/10	fresh	Dragan Antulov	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20020724
A smaller, amusing comedy from writer/director Woody Allen, Broadway Danny Rose begins with a bunch of show business vets sitting around a table at New York's Carnegie Deli and reminiscing about the legendary titular character, a loser of an agent who would represent anyone, including blind xylophonists, piano-playing birds, and has-been crooners with drinking problems. Allen plays Rose as a befuddled, warm-hearted schlub who finally has a shot at getting somewhere when he signs washed-up lounge singer Lou Canova (Nick Apollo Forte) and nearly brings his career back to life. Danny gets him a date at the Waldorf, where Milton Berle is in the audience, looking for guests for his TV special. Canova has a complicated love life, juggling both a wife and a girlfriend. so he enlists Danny to take the girlfriend, Tina Vitale (Mia Farrow), to the concert. But Canova and Tina have a fight, she goes back to her Mafioso boyfriend, and Danny winds up getting chased halfway around New York and New Jersey by the Mob. And of course, once Canova gets his big break, he dumps Danny for another agent. Allen, Forte, and especially Farrow all do strong work with characters that could have easily become stereotypes, and the film has a lighter, warmer touch than the Allen films that preceded it (Stardust Memories and Zelig).	PG	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	19840127	20011106		5/5	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20040528
Premiering to rave reviews at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival, THE KINGS OF SUMMER is a unique coming-of-age comedy about three teenage friends - Joe (Nick Robinson), Patrick (Gabriel Basso) and the eccentric and unpredictable Biaggio (Moises Arias) - who, in the ultimate act of independence, decide to spend their summer building a house in the woods and living off the land. Free from their parents' rules, their idyllic summer quickly becomes a test of friendship as each boy learns to appreciate the fact that family - whether it is the one you're born into or the one you create - is something you can't run away from. (c) CBS Films	R	Comedy	Jordan Vogt-Roberts	Chris Galletta	20130531	20130924	The filmmakers... opt for a mostly witty Sundance-branded coming-of-age sitcom featuring lucky good looks, accelerated maturity, sexual ease, quick wits, cooperative facial hair and a distinct lack of teenage awkwardness.	2.5/5	fresh	Dave White	0	Movies.com	20130618
"The winner of the Best Screenplay award at the 2000 Cannes Film Festival, this film is a darkly comic story about one woman's incredible determination to make her dreams come true against numerous odds. Fantasy collides with reality as Betty Sizemore, a small-town waitress and soap opera fan, inspires herself and everyone she meets to find at least a piece of their real selves throughout this romantic, dangerously funny road picture. The popular TV daytime drama ""A Reason to Love"" has an especially devoted viewer in Betty. One night, watching a videotape of that day's episode, she becomes an accidental witness to a deal going fatally awry for her no-good car salesman husband. Betty, traumatized, enters into a fugue state that allows - even encourages - her to keep functioning, in a kind of alternate reality. Betty Sizemore becomes ""Nurse Betty,"" who is set on returning to the love of her life, the show's Dr. David Ravell. Betty promptly sets off for Los Angles in a ""borrowed"" 1997 Buick LeSabre - which is precisely what her late husband's killers are looking for. As Betty makes contact with Dr. Ravell and the hit men slowly but surely track her down, life begins to imitate art and vice versa."	R	Comedy Drama	Neil LaBute		20000908	20010403	Renee Zellwegger is the real star here, of course, and Greg Kinnear is very enjoyable too, but it's Chris Rock and Morgan Freeman that really won me over.	4/4	fresh	Kevin N. Laforest	0	Montreal Film Journal	20020910
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	DeNiro is pretty much the only reason to see Meet the Fockers...[betrays] creative exhaustion.	1.5/4	rotten	Peter Canavese	0	Groucho Reviews	20041221
"DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" is a heart-breaking drama about fate, love, moral dilemmas and the lengths to which one couple will go to see their dreams realized. Starring Academy Award (R) and Golden Globe (R) nominee Michael Fassbender, Oscar (R) winner Alicia Vikander, Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Rachel Weisz, Bryan Brown and Jack Thompson, the film is written for the screen and directed by Derek Cianfrance based on the acclaimed novel by M.L. Stedman. The producers are Academy Award nominee David Heyman, p.g.a. and Jeffrey Clifford, p.g.a. with Tom Karnowski, Rosie Alison, Jeff Skoll and Jonathan King serving as executive producers. In the years following World War I, Tom Sherbourne (Michael Fassbender), a young veteran still numb from his years in combat, takes a job as lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, a remote island off the coast of Western Australia. As the island's sole inhabitant, he finds comfort in the monotony of the chores and the solitude of his surroundings. When he meets the daughter of the school's headmaster, Isabel Graysmark (Alicia Vikander), in the local town of Partageuse on the mainland, Tom is immediately captivated by her beauty, wit and passion, and they are soon married and living on the island. As their love flourishes, he begins to feel again, their happiness marred only by their inability to start a family, so when a rowboat with a dead man and infant girl mysteriously washes ashore, Isabel believes their prayers may have finally been answered. As a man of principle, Tom is torn between reporting the lost child and pleasing the woman he loves, and against his better judgment he agrees to let Isabel raise the child as their own, making a choice with devastating consequences. DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" opens in U.S. theaters on September 2nd."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Derek Cianfrance	Derek Cianfrance	20160902	20170124	The film often looks lovely. But all of that loveliness is a cover for a creaky narrative.	5.8/10	rotten	Andy Crump	0	Paste Magazine	20160901
Max Payne is a maverick cop - a mythic anti-hero - determined to track down those responsible for the brutal murders of his family and partner. Hell-bent on revenge, his obsessive investigation takes him on a nightmare journey into a dark underworld. As the mystery deepens, Max is forced to battle enemies beyond the natural world and face an unthinkable betrayal.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense		Beau Thorne	20081017	20090120	Unable to really turn chilly menace into tough, action-packed fun.	3/5	rotten	Matt Pais	0	Metromix.com	20081016
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	For the filmmakers, there are simplifications that must have been inevitable, for dramatic and narrative purposes, when it comes to depicting the years of wartime work. But what of the other choices that have been made?	3/5	fresh	Philippa Hawker	0	The Age (Australia)	20150104
"After forays into film noir, thrillers, dramas, and even documentaries, director John Dahl tries the teen horror genre on for size. Paul Walker stars as Lewis Thomas, a college freshman embarking on a cross-country road trip during summer break to pick up his girlfriend Venna (Leelee Sobieski). Along for the ride is Lewis' brother Fuller (Steve Zahn), a practical joker who uses the car's CB radio to play a cruel prank on a lonely trucker known only by the handle Rusty Nail. The victim of Fuller's gag turns out to be a psychotic murderer and soon the brothers are being pursued by the relentless stalker, who gets his revenge in gruesome fashion. Joy Ride, which co-stars Matthew Kimbrough, was produced under the working title ""Squelch."""	R	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Dahl		20011005	20020312	The king of the road is Zahn, expertly steering his path between ironic goofball and real scared dude.	B+	fresh	Lisa Schwarzbaum	1	Entertainment Weekly	20011004
"Youthful wizard Harry Potter returns to the screen in this, the second film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's wildly popular series of novels for young people. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) return for a second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where Headmaster Dumbledore (Richard Harris), Professor Snape (Alan Rickman), Professor McGonagall (Maggie Smith), and Hagrid the Giant (Robbie Coltrane) are joined by new faculty members Gilderoy Lockhart (Kenneth Branagh), a self-centered expert in Defense against the Dark Arts, and Sprout (Miriam Margolyes), who teaches Herbology. However, it isn't long before Harry and company discover something is amiss at Hogwarts: Students are petrified like statues, threats are written in blood on the walls, and a deadly monster is on the loose. It seems that someone has opened the mysterious Chamber of Secrets, letting loose the monster and all its calamitous powers. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione set out to find the secret chamber and slay the beast, speculation is rife that one of the heirs of Salazar Slytherin, the co-founder of the school, opened the chamber as a warning against the presence of ""mudbloods"" (magic-users of impure lineage) at the school -- and that the culprit may be fellow student Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton). Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets featured Richard Harris' second and final appearance as Headmaster Dumbledore; he died less than a month before the film was released in the United States."	PG	Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Chris Columbus	Steve Kloves	20021115	20030411	Their thoughts were how to make the book into a movie, not how to make a great movie.	C+	rotten	Danny Minton	0	KBTV-NBC (Beaumont, TX)	20021113
Real-life sweethearts Michael Cera and Charlyne Yi star in a fictionalized version of their romance in this indie semi-documentary comedy, written by Yi. Playing themselves, Yi and Cera embark on a scripted version of their own story. In the movie, Yi has agreed to be the subject of a documentary about her quest to discover if love really exists, since she's never experienced it. As part of her participation in the project, she has a film crew follow her around throughout every new development in her love life -- which gets complicated when she starts dating fellow comedian Cera. This portion of the film is all narrative, and was written into the script, but also as part of the documentary, Yi travels the country interviewing various people about their opinions and experiences with love, and these portions of the film are real -- the interviewees are not actors. Melding truth and fantasy, Paper Heart uses equal parts comedy and realism to resolve the ultimate question of whether love is fact or fiction.	PG-13	Comedy	Nicholas Jasenovec	Nicholas Jasenovec|Charlyne Yi	20090814	20091201		2.5/5	rotten	Thomas Caldwell	0	Cinema Autopsy	20090814
When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	The light breaking through yonder window is the glare of critical scrutiny - and Letters to Juliet looks pathetic in it. 	1/5	rotten	Bill Gibron	0	PopMatters	20100514
"London 1818: a secret love affair begins between 23 year old English poet, John Keats, and the girl next door, Fanny Brawne, an outspoken student of fashion. This unlikely pair started at odds; he thinking her a stylish minx, she unimpressed by literature in general. It was the illness of Keats's younger brother that drew them together. Keats was touched by Fanny's efforts to help and agreed to teach her poetry. By the time Fanny's alarmed mother and Keats's best friend Brown realized their attachment, the relationship had an unstoppable momentum. Intensely and helplessly absorbed in each other, the young lovers were swept into powerful new sensations, ""I have the feeling as if I were dissolving"", Keats wrote to her. Together they rode a wave of romantic obsession that deepened as their troubles mounted. Only Keats's illness proved insurmountable."	PG	Drama Romance	Jane Campion	Jane Campion	20090515	20100126	This is a worthwhile story told with lukewarm emotion. The doomed love comes off as less a tragedy than a pity. The background makes this story more interesting than the foreground does.	6/10	fresh	Mark R. Leeper	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20091203
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	By the film's finale you'll pity any poor fool who actually is named Focker -- for following this picture they're certain to see a surge in mockery.	3/4	fresh	Tyler Hanley	0	Palo Alto Weekly	20041222
Based on Peter Turner's memoir, the film follows the playful but passionate relationship between Turner (Bell) and the eccentric Academy Award (R)-winning actress Gloria Grahame (Bening) in 1978 Liverpool. What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme fatale and her young lover quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Their passion and lust for life is tested to the limits by events beyond their control.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Paul McGuigan	Matt Greenhalgh	20171229	20180424	"Annette Bening is so good in ""Film Stars Don't Die in Liverpool"" that it makes up for a story that's slighter than it should be."	3.5/5	fresh	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20180111
A wealthy, upper-class British widow marries a much younger Italian man with disastrous results in this turn-of-the-century costume drama based on the E.M. Forster novel. After marrying into a wealthy family and then losing her husband, middle-aged Lilia Herriton (Helen Mirren) suffers under the disapproving yoke of her haughty mother-in-law (Barbara Jefford). At the suggestion of family friend Caroline Abbott (Helena Bonham Carter), Lilia leaves her young daughter and in-laws for a holiday in Italy, where she falls in love with the penniless but handsome Gino Carella (Giovanni Guidelli). When she announces her plans to marry Gino, the family dispatches her brother-in-law, Philip (Rupert Graves), to prevent the union. But the alternately caddish and thoughtful Philip fails in his mission. Gino proves to be as charming to other women as he is to his wife, but he's genuinely bereaved when she dies in childbirth. Soon, Philip and his high-strung sister, Harriet (Judy Davis), arrive in Tuscany in an attempt to spirit away Lilia's son. But the principled Caroline turns up, determined to stop them, setting the stage for unexpected realizations and unforeseeable tragedy. Where Angels Fear to Tread reunites Bonham Carter and Graves, who co-starred in the previous E.M. Forster adaptation, A Room With a View. Each actor also starred in other Forster films: Bonham Carter in Howards End and Graves in Maurice.	PG	Drama Special Interest Sports and Fitness	Charles Sturridge	Charles Sturridge|Tim Sullivan	19940601	20061107		2/5	rotten	Christopher Null	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
"It's 1969, and Elliot Tiber, a down-on-his-luck interior designer in Greenwich Village, New York, has to move back upstate to help his parents run their dilapidated Catskills motel, The El Monaco. The bank's about to foreclose; his father wants to burn the place down, but hasn't paid the insurance; and Elliot is still figuring how to come out to his parents. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival, he calls the producers, thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for the motel. Three weeks later, half a million people are on their way to his neighbor's farm in White Lake, N.Y., and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life, and American culture, forever. The film features a standout ensemble cast and songs from a score of '60s musical icons, including The Grateful Dead, The Doors, Jefferson Airplane and Country Joe and the Fish -- plus a new recording of ""Freedom"" from Richie Havens."	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Ang Lee	James Schamus	20090828	20091215	Lee has gone for shaggy comedy. Some of it is funny. Some of it just sits there.	2.5/4	rotten	Wesley Morris	1	Boston Globe	20090827
Hollywood 1927. George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) is a silent movie superstar. The advent of the talkies will sound the death knell for his career and see him fall into oblivion. For young extra Peppy Miller (Berenice Bejo), it seems the sky's the limit - major movie stardom awaits. The Artist tells the story of their interlinked destinies. -- (C) Weinstein	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Michel Hazanavicius	Michel Hazanavicius	20111125	20120626	The Academy Awards are the biggest annual party that Hollywood throws for itself, and The Artist is a movie that worships Hollywood. Looks like a done deal.	C+	rotten	Jeffrey Overstreet	0	Filmwell	20120615
Suspended from the force, Paris cop Hubert is summoned to Tokyo when his former lover Miko dies. Upon arriving, Hubert discovers he is to be the legal guardian for Miko's teen daughter Yumi. As Hubert begins to investigate the circumstances surrounding Miko's mysterious death, he grows closer to Yumi.	R	Action and Adventure Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense		Luc Besson	20010927	20030211	Don't let the subtitles fool you; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action.	2/4	rotten	John Monaghan	1	Detroit Free Press	20021004
When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	Diabetics steer clear; so awfully saccharine is the derivative romantic drama Letters to Juliet, it may induce a hyperglycemic coma.	1.5/5	rotten	Anders Wotzke	0	Moviedex	20100504
"Based on Peter Benchley's best-selling novel, Steven Spielberg's 1975 shark saga set the standard for the New Hollywood popcorn blockbuster while frightening millions of moviegoers out of the water. One early summer night on fictional Atlantic resort Amity Island, Chrissie decides to take a moonlight skinny dip while her friends party on the beach. Yanked suddenly below the ocean surface, she never returns. When pieces of her wash ashore, Police Chief Brody (Roy Scheider) suspects the worst, but Mayor Vaughn (Murray Hamilton), mindful of the lucrative tourist trade and the approaching July 4th holiday, refuses to put the island on a business-killing shark alert. After the shark dines on a few more victims, the Mayor orders the local fishermen to catch the culprit. Satisfied with the shark they find, the greedy Mayor reopens the beaches, despite the warning from visiting ichthyologist Hooper (Richard Dreyfuss) that the attacks were probably caused by a far more formidable Great White. One more fatality later, Brody and Hooper join forces with flinty old salt Quint (Robert Shaw), the only local fisherman willing to take on a Great White--especially since the price is right. The three ride off on Quint's boat ""The Orca,"" soon coming face to teeth with the enemy."	PG	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Steven Spielberg	Howard Sackler|Carl Gottlieb|Peter Benchley	19750601	20000711	I loved the film more this time than I had the first time I watched it.	4.5/5	fresh	Michael W. Phillips	0	Goatdog's Movies	20020228
After making a striking directorial debut with her screen adaptation of The Virgin Suicides, Sofia Coppola offers a story of love and friendship blooming under unlikely circumstances in this comedy drama. Bob Harris (Bill Murray) is a well-known American actor whose career has gone into a tailspin; needing work, he takes a very large fee to appear in a commercial for Japanese whiskey to be shot in Tokyo. Feeling no small degree of culture shock in Japan, Bob spends most of his non-working hours at his hotel, where he meets Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson) at the bar. Twentysomething Charlotte is married to John (Giovanni Ribisi), a successful photographer who is in Tokyo on an assignment, leaving her to while away her time while he works. Beyond their shared bemusement and confusion with the sights and sounds of contemporary Tokyo, Bob and Charlotte share a similar dissatisfaction with their lives; the spark has gone out of Bob's marriage, and he's become disillusioned with his career. Meanwhile, Charlotte is puzzled with how much John has changed in their two years of marriage, while she's been unable to launch a creative career of her own. Bob and Charlotte become fast friends, and as they explore Tokyo, they begin to wonder if their sudden friendship might be growing into something more.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Sofia Coppola	Sofia Coppola	20030926	20040203	Sofia Coppola has made the kind of movie that I love to see most.	A+	fresh	Marcy Dermansky	0	About.com	20031007
SNL alumni Tina Fey steps into the well worn shoes of journalist Kim Barker in Paramount Pictures' adaptation of Barker's memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan, which details her years as a reporter in Pakistan and Afghanistan beginning in 2002.	R	Comedy Drama	Glenn Ficarra|John Requa	Robert Carlock	20160304	20160628	The filmmaking fails to draw this material together in a cohesive way, and the resulting fragmentation feels more like a side effect than a skillful style choice.	C+	rotten	Jesse Hassenger	1	AV Club	20160303
The Super centers on the mysterious disappearance of several tenants at a luxury New York City apartment building. Phil Lodge (Flueger), the building's new superintendent and former NYPD officer, immediately suspects Walter (Kilmer), the strange maintenance man. With his daughters' lives on the line, Phil must decipher the cryptic riddles in which Walter speaks to solve the disappearances before it's too late.	R	Mystery and Suspense	Stephan Rick		20181019	20181218	Val Kilmer returns to the screen in The Super, a horror-mystery-thriller set in a high-rise New York apartment building. 	3/5	fresh	Niall Browne	0	Movies in Focus	20181011
"David Wagner is a Nineties kid with a Fifties addiction. He's hooked on reruns of a classic television show called ""Pleasantville,"" set in a simple place where everyone is swell and perky, ""confrontation"" is a dirty word and life is pleasingly pleasant. Addicted to this utopian world, David immerses himself in ""Pleasantville"" as an innocent escape from the trouble-plagued real world that he must share with his ultra-hip, totally popular twin sister, Jennifer. But one evening, life takes a bizarre twist when a peculiar repairman gives him a strange remote control, which zaps David and his sister straight into Pleasantville. All the repressed desires of life in the Fifties begin to boil up through the people of Pleasantville, changing their lives in strange and wonderful ways that none of them had even dared to dream of, until they were visited by two kids from the real world."	PG-13	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gary Ross	Gary Ross	19981023	19990323	The movie's simplistic storyline does not match its stunning visual accomplishments.	2.5/5	rotten	Marjorie Baumgarten	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
First-time director Vincent Gallo stars in this self-consciously stylized story of a social misfit who's rescued from emotional annihilation by the girl he kidnaps.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama	Vincent Gallo	Vincent Gallo|Alison Bagnall	19980626	20000201	A meandering mess that almost comes together at the end.	1.5/4	rotten	Madeleine Williams	0	Cinematter	20000101
When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a contemporary Southwestern setting.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joel Coen|Ethan Coen	Ethan Coen|Joel Coen	20071121	20090407	This isn't just another notch on the Coen brothers' amazing career of exquisitely crafted crime dramas. It's an instant American classic, and the first truly must-see awards contender of the year.	4.5/5	fresh	Jason Zingale	0	Bullz-Eye.com	20071117
Hollywood 1927. George Valentin (Jean Dujardin) is a silent movie superstar. The advent of the talkies will sound the death knell for his career and see him fall into oblivion. For young extra Peppy Miller (Berenice Bejo), it seems the sky's the limit - major movie stardom awaits. The Artist tells the story of their interlinked destinies. -- (C) Weinstein	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Michel Hazanavicius	Michel Hazanavicius	20111125	20120626	An occasion when style really does triumph over substance.	3/5	fresh	CJ Johnson	0	ABC Radio (Australia)	20120227
When her heart is stolen by a seductive stranger, a young woman is swept away to a house atop a mountain of blood-red clay: a place	R	Horror	Guillermo del Toro	Guillermo del Toro|Matthew Robbins|Lucinda Coxon	20151016	20160209	Guillermo Del Toro has long been a filmmaker who devotes nearly all of his energy to visual style, but he finds a solid foundation for his twin fascinations of elaborate production design and body horror in this Gothic ghost story.	3/4	fresh	Scott Renshaw	0	Salt Lake City Weekly	20151016
When teens mysteriously develop powerful new abilities, they are declared a threat by the government and detained. Sixteen-year-old Ruby, one of the most powerful young people anyone has encountered, escapes her camp and joins a group of runaway teens seeking safe haven. Soon this newfound family realizes that, in a world in which the adults in power have betrayed them, running is not enough and they must wage a resistance, using their collective power to take back control of their future.	PG-13	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Jennifer Yuh Nelson	Chad Hodge	20180803	20181030	"That right. Within moments of ""fade in,"" the president of the United States is ordering that children be caged. I swear to God. The dystopian future is now."	2.5	rotten	Hope Madden	0	Columbus Underground	20180827
In the port city of Icheon, five female friends struggle to stay close while forging a life for themselves after high school. When one of the groups, upwardly-mobile Hae-ju, moves to Seoul, the other girls deal with the loss in different ways. Feeling most rejected, shy Ji-yeong finds comfort in her new friendship with rebel Tae-hee.	NR	Art House and International Drama	Jae-eun Jeong	Jae-eun Jeong	20021018	20040706	Sluggishly paced but otherwise harmless drama about coming of age in South Korea.	6/10	fresh	Jon Popick	0	Planet S Magazine	20021018
Directing his first film since 1998's Lethal Weapon 4, Richard Donner helmed this big-budget adaptation of Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. Featuring a script by first-time screenwriter George Nolfi, Timeline begins in France in the near future. A group of students from Yale are there studying a medieval site, when their professor, played by Billy Connolly, mysteriously goes missing. To make matters more enigmatic, the students are then taken back to the United States by a shadowy technology company called ITC, led by Robert Doniger (David Thewlis). The eccentric Doniger explains that because of a machine that his company built, their professor is trapped in 14th century France. In order to rescue him, two of the students, Chris Hughes (Paul Walker) and Kate Erickson (Frances O'Connor), along with Andre Marek (Gerard Butler), an archeological site manager, must travel to France, circa 1357, amid archaic war, deadly diseases, and other unexpected pitfalls. Meanwhile, David Stern (Ethan Embry), a third student, stays behind to keep an eye on the shady Doniger.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Richard Donner	Jeff Maguire|George Nolfi	20031126	20040413	It's not ambitious, but neither is it lazy. It works hard at its dumbness, and it's eager to please. For what it's worth, it's the most enjoyable bad movie of the year.	C	rotten	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20031125
"Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (""The Fault in Our Stars""), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox"	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	'Paper Towns' is an admirable film more due to what it tries to do, than to the final product, and although it does entertain, it could've done a lot more. [Full review in Spanish]	2.5/4	fresh	Sebastian Zavala	0	Cinencuentro	20180201
A dating doctor claims that with his services he can match anyone with their soulmate in just three dates. When a jaded tabloid journalist sets out to expose him as a scam artist, the two find themselves falling in love.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Andrew Tennant|Andy Tennant	Kevin Bisch	20050211	20050614	Works as a capsule -- a snapshot -- of what American metropolitan dating has become: a game of social defense.	8/10	fresh	Jeffrey Chen	0	Window to the Movies	20050310
Friends with Kids is a daring and poignant ensemble comedy about a close-knit circle of friends at that moment in life when children arrive and everything changes. The last two singles in the group observe the effect that kids have had on their friends' relationships and wonder if there's a better way. They decide to have a kid together - and date other people. There are big laughs and unexpected emotional truths as this unconventional 'experiment' leads everyone in the group to question the nature of friendship, family and, finally, true love. -- (C) Official Site	R	Comedy Drama	Jennifer Westfeldt	Jennifer Westfeldt	20120309	20120717	"Westfeldt tries with all her might to ensure that the film is socially and romantically ""edgy"" by ridiculing anything that might smack of old-fashioned, middle American morality and dowsing us with the characters' unquestioned narcissism"	1.5/4	rotten	James Kendrick	0	Q Network Film Desk	20120315
Noted R&amp;B; artist and producer Kenneth (Babyface) Edmonds served as executive producer for this tough urban drama. After a shooting incident in a neglected inner-city school leaves a police officer wounded, a group of students holds the cop hostage, in a desperate effort to force improvements to their school. The cast includes another R&amp;B; hitmaker, Usher, as well as Forest Whitaker, Vanessa L. Williams, and Rosario Dawson.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Craig Bolotin	Craig Bolotin	19991110	20000613	Light It Up smolders and spits out some smoke, but no fire.	2.5/5	rotten	Aileo Weinmann	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
In the port city of Icheon, five female friends struggle to stay close while forging a life for themselves after high school. When one of the groups, upwardly-mobile Hae-ju, moves to Seoul, the other girls deal with the loss in different ways. Feeling most rejected, shy Ji-yeong finds comfort in her new friendship with rebel Tae-hee.	NR	Art House and International Drama	Jae-eun Jeong	Jae-eun Jeong	20021018	20040706	Jeong sensitively gives her film an underlying sadness as the young women cope with the changes in their lives	3/5	fresh	Ed Scheid	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20021213
A woman finds herself attempting to foil one office romance while debating if she should take a chance on another in this romantic comedy. Lucy Kelton (Sandra Bullock) is a top-flight attorney who has risen to the position of Chief Legal Counsel for one of New York's leading commercial real estate firms, the Wade Corporation. However, Lucy's job has one significant drawback -- George Wade (Hugh Grant), the eccentric and remarkably self-centered head of the firm. George seems entirely incapable of making a decision without Lucy's advice, whether it actually involves a legal matter or not, and while she's fond of George, being at his beck and call 24 hours a day has brought her to the end of her rope. In a moment of anger, Lucy gives her two weeks notice, and George reluctantly accepts, under one condition -- Lucy has to hire her own replacement. After extensive research, Lucy picks June Carter (Alicia Witt), a Harvard Law graduate determined to make a career for herself. Lucy soon begins to suspect, however, that June plans to hasten her rise up the corporate ladder by winning George's hand, leaving Lucy to wonder if she should warn George about his beautiful but calculating new attorney -- and whether she should tell George that she has finally realized she's in love with him. Two Weeks Notice was written and directed by Marc Lawrence, who had previously scripted two other box-office hits for Sandra Bullock: Miss Congeniality and Forces of Nature.	PG-13	Comedy Romance			20021220	20030429	Like strangers who have been set up on a blind date, Grant and Bullock squirm their way through the exasperatingly inept Two Weeks Notice.	1.5/4	rotten	Josh Larsen	0	Sun Publications (Chicago, IL)	20021219
Reverend Ernst Toller (Ethan Hawke) is a solitary, middle-aged parish pastor at a small Dutch Reform church in upstate New York on the cusp of celebrating its 250th anniversary. Once a stop on the Underground Railroad, the church is now a tourist attraction catering to a dwindling congregation, eclipsed by its nearby parent church, Abundant Life, with its state-of-the-art facilities and 5,000-strong flock. When a pregnant parishioner (Amanda Seyfried) asks Reverend Toller to counsel her husband, a radical environmentalist, the clergyman finds himself plunged into his own tormented past, and equally despairing future, until he finds redemption in an act of grandiose violence. From writer-director Paul Schrader (Taxi Driver; American Gigolo; Affliction) comes a gripping thriller about a crisis of faith that is at once personal, political, and planetary.	R	Drama	Paul Schrader	Paul Schrader	20180518	20180821	Schrader and his cast commit to the project with sharpened and unblinking seriousness, even when the going gets mesmerically weird, with violence, visions, levitations and Neil Young protest songs chanted sombrely by toxic swamps.	4/5	fresh	Robbie Collin	0	Daily Telegraph (UK)	20170831
An Italian-American woman from Bensonhurt, New York decides to change her life after learning that she has become pregnant in this drama. Not wishing to resign herself to marriage with her uninspiring boyfriend, she sets out to discover what else life has to offer.	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Martha Coolidge	Todd Graff	19940304	20050705		2.5/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
A dating doctor claims that with his services he can match anyone with their soulmate in just three dates. When a jaded tabloid journalist sets out to expose him as a scam artist, the two find themselves falling in love.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Andrew Tennant|Andy Tennant	Kevin Bisch	20050211	20050614	While the last act of the film is kind of forced, most of it is just perfect.	3/5	fresh	Eric Lurio	0	Greenwich Village Gazette	20050227
Embrace of the Serpent features the encounter, apparent betrayal and finally life-affirming friendship between an Amazonian shaman (the last survivor of his people) and two foreign scientists.	NR	Action and Adventure Art House and International	Ciro Guerra	Ciro Guerra|Jacques Toulemonde Vidal	20160217	20160621	I was utterly mesmerised, captivated and transported.	5/5	fresh	Mark Kermode	0	Observer (UK)	20160612
Five-time Academy Award nominee Glenn Close stars in this emotional and thought-provoking tale of a woman forced to live as a man in 19th Century Ireland. After thirty years of keeping up the charade, a new love threatens to destroy everything she's worked so hard to build.. -- (C) Roadside Attractions	R	Drama		Glenn Close|Gabriella Prekop|John Banville|Gabrialla Prekop	20120127	20120515	"I get choked up just writing about this movie. Yes, ""Albert Nobbs"" is a bit of a labor, but the central theme has such gnawing weight that for me it overcomes the movie's lumpiness."	7/10	fresh	Jonathan W. Hickman	0	Daily Film Fix	20120126
Max Payne is a maverick cop - a mythic anti-hero - determined to track down those responsible for the brutal murders of his family and partner. Hell-bent on revenge, his obsessive investigation takes him on a nightmare journey into a dark underworld. As the mystery deepens, Max is forced to battle enemies beyond the natural world and face an unthinkable betrayal.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense		Beau Thorne	20081017	20090120	This tired, neutered action thriller won't cause you max pain, but you might wince every now and again.	2/5	rotten		0	Empire Magazine	20081114
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	Instead of pacing, it offers terrific performances and a wonderful sense of small-time tragedy	3/4	fresh	Marty Mapes	0	Movie Habit	20030917
"The grim futility of the war between Bosnia and Serbia is reduced to its essence as two enemy soldiers are forced to share a wary trust for one another in this drama. A group of Bosnian soldiers are advancing upon Serbian territory during a misty night when the fog lifts at daybreak, making them plainly visible to their enemy. Serb forces open fire upon them, and soon only Chiki (Brancko Djuric) is still alive, after diving into a trench in no man's land. Two Serbian soldiers scouting the area set up a land mine using the body of a Bosnian soldier as ""bait;"" if moved, the mine will jump into the air and explode. Chiki watches as the soldiers set the trap, and furious at the disrespect to his fallen comrades, he kills one of the Serbs, and takes the other, Nino (Rene Bitorajac), hostage. With both soldiers alone and equally armed, they find themselves at a stalemate, and begin trying to attract help from either side. Eventually, the two men are found by a squadron of French soldiers attached to a U.N. peacekeeping unit; now held by supposedly neutral forces, Chiki and Nino are with the French troops when it's discovered that the dead Bosnian soldier isn't dead after all, though no one is sure how to disarm the mine without killing him in the process. No Man's Land was the debut feature from Bosnian writer and director Danis Tanovic."	R	Art House and International Drama	Danis Tanovic	Danis Tanovic	20011221	20020409		5/5	fresh	Brian Walker	0	ViewLondon	20021030
Brian DePalma directed this taut thriller, set in Atlantic City, where a corrupt cop investigates a political assassination. Outside an Atlantic City arena-hotel-casino, a TV news reporter stands in a pre-hurricane storm to report on the heavyweight boxing match about to begin inside. A transition to the stadium interior focuses on Atlantic City homicide Detective Rick Santoro (Nicolas Cage), a father with a wife and son, yet also a dishonest cop who maintains a mistress and cheerfully accepts bribes. DePalma's Steadicam follows Santoro on a fast-paced tour of the stadium as the laughing, yelling detective travels stairs and hallways, talks to a gal with a between-rounds placard, visits the dressing room of champ Lincoln Tyler (Stan Shaw), rides down an escalator to squeeze money from a small-time hood, enters the arena of 14,000 fight fans, talks on his phone with his girlfriend and wife, and sits ringside next to his lifelong buddy, Navy Cmdr. Kevin Dunne (Gary Sinise). Behind Dunne, the U.S. Secretary of Defense Charles Kirkland (Joel Fabiani) is seated alongside billionaire casino owner Gilbert Powell (John Heard). As the fight gets underway, Dunne abandons his position protecting the defense chief to pursue a suspicious redhead. From his ringside vantage point, Santoro has a close view of the champ, curiously conscious despite taking a kayo punch. At that moment, an assassin fires at Kirkland. Santoro immediately concocts a good cover story for his pal (to explain why Dunne left his post protecting Kirkland). Just after the shooting, Dunne kills a Palestinian extremist, the apparent killer, and Santoro orders the stadium doors locked, hoping he can locate other suspects among the fleeing crowd. One such is Julia Costello (Carla Gugino), an injured woman in a blond wig who spoke with Kirkland seconds before the gunfire. After a video replay reveals the champ took a fall, going down to the floor from a punch that never touched him, Santoro becomes more curious and suspicious, comparing witness accounts, and he attempts to locate Julia, convinced she's the key to truth behind the assassination. As it all comes to a head, Santoro peels through successive layers of corruption, ultimately confronting himself in a self-examination of his own values. Filmed at Montreal's old Forum.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Brian DePalma	Brian DePalma|David Koepp	19980807	19990216	Instantly forgettable, but good fun while it lasts.	B	fresh	Eugene Novikov	0	Film Blather	20030522
No matter whom we are, no matter where we live, we're all bound by borders. Many of us are content to live within these borders--others are simply forced to exist within them. But some of us need to break out, burst through, even if what is on the other side is both frightening and unknown. From this comes the tale of one young man's dilemma as he navigates his way through his colliding worlds. Set against Detroit's hip-hop scene in 1995, the story centers on Jimmy Smith Jr., a young white rapper, who struggles to find his voice. The people of Detroit know '8 Mile' as the city limit or a border. It is also a psychological dividing line that separates Jimmy from where and who he wants to be, as he struggles to find the strength and courage to transcend his boundaries.	R	Drama	Curtis Hanson	Scott Silver	20021108	20030318		C	rotten	Jeffrey Overstreet	0	Looking Closer	20050115
Convinced that a series of coincidences involving a doorman hold some secret to life's largest riddles, Albert Markovski seeks the help of a detective agency unlike any other--which leads him down a path that questions the essence of existence itself. In an attempt to ferret out the meaning of these flukes, he consults Bernard and Vivian Jaffe, AKA the Existential Detectives, a pair of married metaphysicians who fearlessly investigate the mysteries at the core of their clients' secret innermost lives. Bernard and Vivian kick off their existential exploration of Albert Markovski by probing his past and present reality. Along the way, they uncover his festering conflict with Brad Stand, a golden boy executive climbing the corporate ladder at Huckabees, a popular chain of retail super-stores that wants to sponsor Albert's Open Spaces Coalition for the PR value. The Existential Detectives are convinced that Brad (seemingly Albert's opposite) is the key to cracking Albert's case, but then Brad turns the tables on their investigation, by hiring the detectives himself. As Bernard and Vivian begin to dig deeper into Brad's ambition and his relationship with Huckabees' hot blonde spokes model Dawn, Albert begins to lose faith and rebels against their conclusions. Pairing up with another of the duo's clients--firefighter, tough guy and uncompromising soul searcher Tommy--he joins forces with the Jaffes' arch nemesis, the sexy French philosopher Caterine Vauban, who valiantly battles for the contrasting point of view. Now, as Being chases Nothingness, Albert, Tommy, Brad, Dawn, Bernard, Vivian and Caterine chase one another in a wild romp through life's biggest questions to find the true answer.	R	Comedy Drama			20041001	20050222	It's simultaneously tightly ordered and awfully cluttered.	2.5/4	rotten	Rick Groen	1	Globe and Mail	20041008
In 1878, two young stage magicians clash in a darkened salon during the course of a fraudulent seance. From this moment on, their lives become webs of deceit and exposure, secrets and revelations, as they feud to outwit and destroy one another. Their rivalry takes them both to the peak of their careers, but with terrible consequences.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Christopher Nolan	Jonathan Nolan|Christopher Nolan	20061020	20070220	Director Nolan's fascination with magic and with tricks in general comes through without question, but he approaches the subject with a seriousness that soon turns grim.	1/4	rotten	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20061020
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	A blast of piercing social insight expressed through exquisite craftsmanship that makes it feel like art and not bald-faced messaging.	9/10	fresh	Tim Brayton	0	Antagony &amp; Ecstasy	20150115
"AMERICAN PASTORAL follows Seymour ""Swede"" Levov, a legendary high school athlete, who grows up to marry a former beauty queen and inherits his father's business. Swede's seemingly perfect life shatters when his daughter rebels by becoming a revolutionary and committing a deadly act of political terrorism during the Vietnam War."	R	Drama	Ewan McGregor	John Romano	20161021	20170207	Adapting Philip Roth's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel was always going to be a tall order for any director. In first-timer Ewan McGregor's hands it's entirely unwieldy.	2/5	rotten	Matt Maytum	0	Total Film	20161107
A successful and self-absorbed Los Angeles advertising executive switches airline tickets with a stranger just before boarding a long-delayed flight. When the stranger's plane goes down, killing all aboard, the executive has an epiphany. He later decides to track down the widow of the man he switched tickets with, and they soon fall in love; however she is unaware of the true connection between her late husband and this new love of her life.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Don Roos	Don Roos	20001117	20010410	A heart-affecting film that depicts the transforming experience of loss and the chaotic, conflicting emotions of grief.	3/5	fresh		0	Spirituality and Practice	20000101
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601	The plotless nature of the movie eventually catches up to it, which leads to a film that isn't exactly compelling - though Theron's performance [is] always interesting.	2.5/4	fresh	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20040118
Imagine the end of the world. Now imagine something worse. Award-winning filmmaker Trey Edward Shults follows his incredible debut feature KRISHA with IT COMES AT NIGHT, a horror film following a man (Joel Edgerton) as he learns that the evil stalking his family home may be only a prelude to horrors that come from within. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, the tenuous domestic order he has established with his wife and son is put to the ultimate test with the arrival of a desperate young family seeking refuge. Despite the best intentions of both families, paranoia and mistrust boil over as the horrors outside creep ever-closer, awakening something hidden and monstrous within him as he learns that the protection of his family comes at the cost of his soul.	R	Drama Horror	Trey Edward Shults	Trey Edward Shults	20170609	20170912	It's a grim vision of a world losing track of objective facts, descending into a poisonous abyss of chaos and disorder. No wonder it strikes such a contemporary chord.	4/5	fresh	Mark Kermode	0	Observer (UK)	20170709
This is the large-screen debut of famous (or infamous, depending on your POV) fuzzy purple dinosaur Barney, the oafish character who began a decade earlier on video (selling 45 million units) and then became a top-ranked public TV preschooler show in 1992, followed by 15 million stuffed toys and 25 million copies of Barney books, plus his own attraction at the Universal theme park. The story in this	G	Kids and Family	Steve Gomer	Stephen White	19980403	19980901	What is it about that big purple dinosaur?	2/4	rotten	Ken Fox	0	TV Guide	20080516
The film follows the second Earl of Rochester's adventures in London, from his passionate romance with a young actress, Elizabeth Barry, to the writing of a scurrilous play which blisteringly and bawdily lampoons the very monarch who commissioned it, Charles II, leading to the Earl's banishment and eventual downfall.	R	Drama	Laurence Dunmore	Stephen Jeffreys	20060310	20060704	In dramatic terms, constantly being told about Rochester's talent but never seeing it makes the movie feel as pointless as its subject's life.	C	rotten	Mike Russell	0	Oregonian	20060310
A man is being driven crazy by his shiftless best friend, just as the layabout starts making nice with his wife and neighbors in this comedy. Carl and Molly (Matt Dillon and Kate Hudson) are a thirtysomething couple who have just gotten married and are settling down into a cozy new home in a quiet neighborhood. While Carl and Molly are happy with their new digs, Carl's best friend, Randy Dupree (Owen Wilson), is not content with his living arrangements. Dupree has all but made a career out of avoiding work, responsibility, and commitment, and while his charm usually manages to keep him afloat, when he loses his job, his apartment, and his car. Carl can't bear to see Dupree in such dire circumstances, and tells Dupree he can stay on their couch until he can get things straightened out. But while Carl was expecting Dupree to stay for a few days, it soon becomes obvious to both him and Molly that their guest has no intention of moving out anytime soon, and while the likable freeloader starts working his charm on Molly, their neighbors, and their friends, Carl soon finds himself at the end of his rope with his best man and childhood buddy. You, Me and Dupree also stars Amanda Detmer, Seth Rogen, and Michael Douglas as Molly's father.	PG-13	Comedy	Anthony Russo|Joe Russo		20060713	20061121	Like the main character, the movie is okay at first but eventually wears out its welcome.	2/4	rotten	Mike McGranaghan	0	Aisle Seat	20060718
This (13th) time around, 007 (once again played by Roger Moore) receives the usual call to come and visit M when another agent drops off a fake Faberge jeweled egg at the British embassy in East Berlin and is later killed at a traveling circus. Suspicions mount when the assistant manager of the circus Kamal (Louis Jourdan), outbids Bond for the real Faberge piece at Sotheby's. Bond follows Kamal to India where the superspy thwarts many an ingenious attack and encounters the antiheroine of the title (Maud Adams), an international smuggler who runs the circus as a cover for her illegal operations. It does not take long to figure out that Orlov (Steven Berkoff), a decidedly rank Russian general is planning to raise enough money with the fake Faberges to detonate a nuclear bomb in Europe and then defeat NATO forces once and for all in conventional warfare. John Glen returns again to handle directing duties, the second of five Bond films he lensed.	PG	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Glen		19830610	20001017	A fun little Bond flick	3/4	fresh	Stefan Birgir	0	sbs.is	20080210
Ridley Scott directs the crime comedy Matchstick Men, based on the novel of the same name by Eric Garcia. Neurotic con man Roy (Nicolas Cage) suffers from several emotional problems, including obsessive-compulsive disorder. He and his partner Frank (Sam Rockwell) swindle people out of money by posing as money collectors who promise things like tax refunds, package vacations, and other fabulous prizes (which they never get). Frank wants to pull a really big job, but Roy is too consumed with fear and panic attacks to join him. Only cigarettes and his trusty illegal prescription drugs seem to keep him going. When Roy finds himself in desperate need of more pills, he is forced to see legitimate psychotherapist Dr. Klein (Bruce Altman). Roy ends up talking about his emotional damage from a troubled marriage and divorce, which results in the discovery of a child whom he has never met. Dr. Klein suggests that he spend a weekend with the kid, so in walks teenaged Angela (played by twentysomething Alison Lohman). Reluctant to develop his role as a father, Roy also gets heavily involved in Frank's ambitious swindle.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Ridley Scott	Nicholas Griffin|Ted Griffin	20030912	20040601	The story darts in unexpected, dark directions, but is told by such talented people, we follow it willingly...	3.5/4	fresh	Austin O'Connor	0	Lowell Sun	20040228
Originally screened at Telluride as The Buddy Factor, Swimming With Sharks is an uneven but engrossing picture, and a possible warning to anyone with plans to break into the motion-picture business. When Guy (Frank Whaley), a recent film-school graduate with big ideas, takes a job as assistant to major studio executive Buddy Ackerman (Kevin Spacey), he believes his ship has finally come in; little does he know it's a slave ship, for his boss is indeed worse than a slave driver. Buddy delights in abusing his boy-toy (exemplified by the scene in which he forbids Guy to go to the bathroom as he pours water back and forth from a glass to a pitcher). Meanwhile, Guy struggles to push his idea for a script and feels he's finally made it when Buddy congratulates him on a job well done. However, much to his chagrin, his conniving boss actually takes sole credit for the project, pushing the young assistant to wit's end -- he breaks into Buddy's Beverly Hills showplace and takes him hostage, then proceeds to torture him in a number of demeaning and horrifying ways. The whole film stands as a sort of parable about the value system in Hollywood and the cost of reaching the top; it doesn't play like real life, but it's not supposed to. The real reason to watch the film, however, is Spacey's performance. He manages at once to be terrifying, hateful, and hilarious, and he makes Buddy Ackerman a character the audience won't soon forget.	R	Comedy	George Huang	George Huang	19950321	19980818	A criminally underrated film, featuring one of Spacey's best performances.	A-	fresh	Larry Carroll	0	Countingdown.com	20020809
Based on Peter Turner's memoir, the film follows the playful but passionate relationship between Turner (Bell) and the eccentric Academy Award (R)-winning actress Gloria Grahame (Bening) in 1978 Liverpool. What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme fatale and her young lover quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Their passion and lust for life is tested to the limits by events beyond their control.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Paul McGuigan	Matt Greenhalgh	20171229	20180424	Worth seeing for Bening's brave and touching performance as an actress past her prime.	3/4	fresh	Rafer Guzman	1	Newsday	20180201
THE ROVER, David Michod's highly anticipated follow-up to ANIMAL KINGDOM, is set in a world 10 years following the collapse of society. The rule of the law has disintegrated and life is cheap. The film follows hardened loner Eric (Pearce) as he travels the desolate towns and roads of the outback. When a gang of thieves steals his car they leave behind a wounded Rey (Pattinson) in their wake. Forcing Rey to help track the gang, Eric will go to any lengths to take back the one thing that still matters to him. Michod also wrote the film based on a story he conceived with Joel Edgerton. (c) A24	R	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy Western			20140613	20140923	Robert Pattinson's stare is almost thousand-yard enough to make the film's sense of tragedy feel downright Greek.	3/4	fresh	Steve Macfarlane	0	Slant Magazine	20140613
"""Valentino: The Last Emperor"" provides a first-time glimpse into Valentino's world of bygone glamour. Filmed from June 2005 to July 2007, the crew shot over 250 hours of footage with exclusive, unprecedented access to Valentino and his entourage. The resulting non-fiction film is a portrait of an extraordinary partnership, the longest running in fashion, and a dramatic story about a master confronting the final act of his celebrated career."	PG-13	Documentary Special Interest	Matt Tynauer|Matt Tyrnauer		20090318	20090908		B+	fresh	James Verniere	0	Boston Herald	20090318
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	Jack Goes Boating doesn't exactly herald the arrival of a major new filmmaking talent, but it does act as a modestly entertaining showcase for a group of versatile performers.	3/4	fresh	Ethan Alter	0	NYC Film Critic	20100916
This psychological thriller from screenwriter Patrick Smith Kelly reunites him with his A Perfect Murder (1998) star Michael Douglas. Dr. Nathan Conrad (Douglas) is a respected adolescent therapist faced with a nightmarish scenario when his young daughter (Skye McCole Bartusiak) is snatched by Koster (Sean Bean), a criminal with a talent for high-tech surveillance. Conrad learns that the kidnapper is desperate for a critical piece of information known only to Elisabeth Burrows (Brittany Murphy), one of his catatonic pro bono patients. While his wife Aggie (Famke Janssen) remains at home, bedridden due to a broken leg, Conrad races to unlock the secret stored in Elisabeth's fractured mind, while a New York City detective (Jennifer Esposito) inches closer to discovering the Conrads' dilemma. Don't Say a Word co-stars Oliver Platt and Guy Torry and is directed by Gary Fleder, who follows up his suspense smash Kiss the Girls (1997).	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Gary Fleder	Patrick Kelly|Anthony Peckham	20010928	20020219	A confused and confusing enterprise.	1/5	rotten		1	New York Times	20010927
This third film in the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles series finds the half-shelled ninjas traveling back in time to 17th-century Japan in order to save April O'Neil (Paige Turco). Once there, they also use their skills to help a rebel army battle an evil leader.	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Stuart Gillard|Corey Feldman|Tim Kelleher	Stuart Gillard|Joe Batteer	19930319	20020903		1/5	rotten	Ryan Cracknell	0	Movie Views	20030821
In the 3D animated comedy, The Angry Birds Movie, we'll finally find out why the birds are so angry. The movie takes us to an island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds--or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red (Jason Sudeikis), a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck (Josh Gad), and the volatile Bomb (Danny McBride) have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.	PG	Animation Kids and Family	Clay Kaytis|Fergal Reilly	Jon Vitti	20160520	20160816	The Angry Birds Movie plays best to children who are easily entertained, but even they deserve better than this.	5/10	rotten	Matt Donato	0	We Got This Covered	20160516
While vacationing in the Pacific Northwest, the Henderson clan's dad, George (John Lithgow); mom, Nancy (Melinda Dillon); daughter, Sarah (Margaret Langrick); and son, Ernie (Joshua Rudoy), accidently run over a strange animal with their car, and when they get out to see what it is, they find the seemingly dead body of a hairy Bigfoot-type monster (Kevin Peter Hall). Believing that the creature is a grizzly bear, the Hendersons take it home, planning to stuff the beast and put it on display in their living room. Predictably, the hirsute monster revives and is adopted by the family as a pet. Originally conceived as a TV series by comedian Brad Garrett, Harry and the Hendersons ultimately did make it to the small screen as a weekly syndicated sitcom in 1990, with Kevin Peter Hall repeating the title role during the series' first 24 episodes.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	William Dear		19870605	20070424		2/5	rotten	Mark Palermo	0	The Coast (Halifax, Nova Scotia)	20030130
A hard-drinking lush finds himself thrust into superhero mode in director Peter Berg's unconventional look at the private life of a crime-fighter. Will Smith stars as the embittered do-gooder whose lifestyle is more akin to a rock star than a role model, and who has grown as disillusioned with his once-admiring public as they have of him.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Peter Berg	Vincent Gilligan|Vince Gilligan|Vy Vincent Ngo	20080616	20081125		2/5	rotten	Dave Calhoun	1	Time Out	20111116
"Basketball superstar Michael Jordan and cartoon favorite Bugs Bunny team up with other basketball greats and Looney Tunes characters in this combination animated/live-action feature. Jordan must help the Looney Tunes gang with a basketball game against a group of outer space creatures whose plan, if they win, is to kidnap the Looney Tunes and take them to a failing intergalactic amusement park as the latest attraction. Also starring Academy Award-nominee Bill Murray (""Lost in Translation,"" ""Charlie's Angels"") and Wayne Knight (TV's ""Seinfeld,"" ""Rat Race""). Gene Shalit says this movie is ""for adults, kids, teenagers, women, men, boys, girls, old folks, young folks, Jordan fans, Bill Murray fans, Wayne Knight fans and every Looney Tunes lover who wants to revel in Bugs Bunny and his pals at their looney tuniest."""	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Joe Pytka	Leo Benvenuti|Steve Rudnick|Timothy Harris|Herschel Weingrod	19961115	19970827	I can't see a kid today watching this movie and enjoying it.	2/5	rotten	Justin Brown	0	Medium Popcorn	20180830
Something mysterious is happening in the Hundred Acre Wood. There are strange rumblings in the night, and the ground shakes and quakes. Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Roo are told by Rabbit that it can only be one thing: Heffalumps. Whether or not Heffalumps are friends or foes remains to be seen.	G	Animation Kids and Family	Frank Nissen	Brian Hohlfeld|Evan Spiliotopoulos	20050211	20050524	Neither the life lesson on tolerance nor Carly Simon's treacly songs can weigh down the bouncy fun of this colorful and kid-friendly adventure.	3/4	fresh	Sean P. Means	0	Salt Lake Tribune	20050218
The grim realities of drug dealers' lives provides the basis for this gritty drama. The story centers on Strike, a 19-year old drug dealer who lives in the Brooklyn projects. When Strike agrees to help a local drug lord kill one of rivals, he finds himself in serious trouble.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Spike Lee	Richard Price|Spike Lee	19950913	19990105	A heartfelt but badly unfocused slice-of-urban life from Spike Lee. Depressingly typical of the director's efforts of late.	2/5	rotten	Rob Vaux	0	Flipside Movie Emporium	20030115
With writer Brian Kessler's (David Duchovny) contractual deadline for a book on serial killing fast approaching, he and girlfriend Carrie Laughlin (Michelle Forbes) decide to embark on a cross-country tour of famous murder sites for inspiration. When the couple advertises for fellow travelers to help absorb expenses, the only response comes from greasy trailer park denizen Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend Adele Corners (Juliette Lewis). Only too late do Brian and Carrie realize just how close to serial murderers they're about to get.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Dominic Sena	Tim Metcalfe|Stephen Levy	19930903	19971028		3/5	fresh	Pamela Bruce	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
Since they met at a party, ambitious high-flyer Nat and struggling novelist Josh have been deliriously happy despite their differences. Josh is a thinker, Nat's a doer..but the spark between them is undeniable. Their wedding is a dream come true, but family, friends and even the minister who marries them aren't convinced that they can last. Josh's ex-girlfriend, Chloe, and Nat's handsome American client Guy, could offer attractive alternatives. With their first anniversary approaching, neither wants to be the first to give up, but will they make it? (c) Magnolia	R	Art House and International Comedy Romance	Dan Mazer	Dan Mazer	20130809	20131022	It's a bit of a mainstream comedy, sure, and for that it sometimes feels slight or conventionally paced, but it's packed with more heart and perception than most, and it treats its characters as fully realized people.	7/10	fresh	Britt Hayes	0	ScreenCrush	20170316
Justine is thirty years old and works as a discount store clerk in Texas. Deeply unhappy in her marriage to a man who is infertile because of a dope-smoking habit, Justine soon begins an affair with Holden, the store's newly hired cashier and becomes pregnant. Holden, who has serious issues of his own, steals money from the store's safe for the two of them to run away, but the plan is short-lived when it takes a tragic turn for the worse.	R	Comedy Drama	Miguel Arteta	Mike White	20020807	20030107	"Mike White's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark, funny humor make """"The Good Girl"" a film worth watching."	B+	fresh	Robin Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20020819
The jumbo-sized Baker family are back in this sequel to the 2003 box-office hit Cheaper by the Dozen. College football coach Tom Baker (Steve Martin) and his wife, author Kate Baker (Bonnie Hunt), have decided its time they took their sizable brood of 12 children on a summer vacation, and so they pack up the cars and take the kids to Lake Winnetka for some camping. Not all the kids are happy about this, but the one who is really annoyed turns out to be Tom, who discovers his old rival Jimmy Murtaugh (Eugene Levy) is also staying near the lake. Jimmy and his trophy wife, Sarina (Carmen Electra), also have a large family of eight children, and Jimmy and Tom seem intent upon one-upping each other at every opportunity. As the tensions mount, the Baker family and the Murtaugh clan face off in a not-so-good-natured series of family games to determine which of the parents have the greater bragging rights. In addition to Steve Martin and Bonnie Hunt, the actors playing the 12 Baker children from the 2003 film return for Cheaper by the Dozen 2, including Hilary Duff, Piper Perabo, Tom Welling, and Kevin Schmidt.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Adam Shankman	Sam Harper	20051221	20060523	Here's a sentence I never thought I'd write: Carmen Electra is more interesting than Steve Martin.	1/4	rotten	Kim Morgan	0	Reel.com	20051231
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	The intriguing subject matter is, to an increasingly dismaying degree, rendered moot by filmmaker Morten Tyldum's run-of-the-mill sensibilities...	1.5/4	rotten	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20150213
CALL ME BY YOUR NAME, the new film by Luca Guadagnino, is a sensual and transcendent tale of first love, based on the acclaimed novel by Andr	R	Drama Romance	Luca Guadagnino	James Ivory	20180119	20180313	It works well as a coming of age story and examination of how people communicate when they are unsure of the other's feelings.	3/5	fresh	Rosalynn Try-Hane	0	Fopp.com	20180821
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	There's plenty of blood, most of the cast of thousands die, and some of the images are just plain disturbing...I loved it.	9/10	fresh	Paul Salfen	0	Supercala.com	20050629
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	The filmmakers take the story so seriously Reign of Fire becomes the dullest movie imaginable about fire-breathing lizards. It's Godzilla written by Strindberg.	2/4	rotten	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20020711
This is a contemporary retelling of H.G. Wells' seminal sci-fi classic. The adventure/thriller reveals humankind's extraordinary battle against an extra-terrestrial invasion fleet, as seen through the eyes of one American family. Located somewhere in the New England United States, the family -- like millions of others around the globe -- is forced to take refuge from the aliens' highly advanced weapons and impenetrable shields, which are unstoppable against anything that mankind can throw at them. Unable to fight back and finding it more and more difficult to remain hidden from the aliens, the human race faces the end of its existence.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Josh Friedman|David Koepp	20050629	20051122	Spielberg has not only touched the nerve of the American psyche, he has ripped it out, stomped on it and beat it with a club for a full two hours. This is the doomsday hour	4/4	fresh	Steven Snyder	0	Zertinet Movies	20050628
"Once one of the world's top masked crime fighters, Bob Parr--known to all as ""Mr. Incredible""--fought evil and saved lives on a daily basis. But now fifteen years later, Bob and his wife--a famous superhero in her own right--have adopted civilian identities and retreated to the suburbs to live normal lives with their three kids. Now he's a clock-punching insurance claims adjuster fighting boredom and a bulging waistline. Itching to get back into action, Bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top-secret assignment."	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Brad Bird	Brad Bird	20041105	20050315	I can't shake the notion that The Incredibles may not be all it might have been. It stomps all the expected bases instead of streaking by with daring innovation. 	3/4	fresh	Larry Ratliff	0	San Antonio Express-News	20041105
THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award winner Martin McDonagh (IN BRUGES). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated.	R	Comedy Drama	Martin McDonagh	Martin McDonagh	20171201	20180227	It is perhaps one of the unsubtlest satires and lamest of American social allegories I've ever seen. 	2/5	rotten	PJ Nabarro	0	Patrick Nabarro	20181101
Abel Ferrara's cult crime drama Bad Lieutenant is given a sister film with this Werner Herzog-helmed production that takes its inspiration from the original, but focuses on new characters and plotlines. Nicolas Cage steps into Harvey Keitel's mold of a corrupt and drug-addled police officer, with the scummy setting moving from New York City to New Orleans. Eva Mendes, Val Kilmer, and Xzibit co-star in the Nu Image/Millennium Films picture.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Werner Herzog		20091120	20100406	There can only ever be one Bad Lieutenant: Harvey Keitel.	2.5/4	rotten	Kyle Smith	1	New York Post	20091120
In a contemporary adaptation of Langston Hughes' celebrated play, the holiday musical drama BLACK NATIVITY follows Langston (Jacob Latimore), a street-wise teen from Baltimore raised by a single mother, as he journeys to New York City to spend the Christmas holiday with his estranged relatives Reverend Cornell and Aretha Cobbs (Forest Whitaker and Angela Bassett). Unwilling to live by the imposing Reverend Cobbs' rules, a frustrated Langston is determined to return home to his mother, Naima (Jennifer Hudson). Langston embarks on a surprising and inspirational journey and along with new friends, and a little divine intervention, he discovers the true meaning of faith, healing, and family. (c) Fox Searchlight	PG	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Faith and Spirituality	Kasi Lemmons	Kasi Lemmons	20131127	20140415	Lemmons' refusal to go for cheap laughs and easy uplift places her at odds with the cliched and predictable aspects of her own screenplay. The movie overall is earnest and respectful but unexciting	2/4	rotten	John Beifuss	0	Commercial Appeal (Memphis, TN)	20131201
Three tales, with a feline as the catalyst. Drew Barrymore, James Woods, Alan King, Kenneth McMillan, Robert Hays. Sally Ann: Candy Clark. Hugh: James Naughton. Junk: Tony Munafo. McCann: Court Miller. Milquetoast: Russell Horton. Lewis Teague directed.	PG-13	Comedy Horror Mystery and Suspense	Lewis Teague	Stephen King	19850412	20021001	Uneven, but mildly diverting at times.	3/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20040329
Ostensibly based on the hit single by Cyndi Lauper, Girls Just Want to Have Fun is actually a spoof of the MTV generation. High school chums Janey (Sarah Jessica Parker) and Lynne (Helen Hunt) desperately try to enter a dance contest on a major cable-TV channel. The major obstacle to this goal is Janey's father, stiff-necked Colonel Glenn (Ed Lauter). The girls' most hated rival is rich-witch Natalie Sands (Holly Gagnier), who buys her way into the dance show. The plot, what there is of it, falls apart long before the final scene, but Girls Just Want to Have Fun gets by thanks to the winning performances of stars Parker and Hunt.	PG	Comedy	Alan Metter	Amy Spies	19850412	20050726		3/5	fresh		0	european-films.net	20070808
"Basketball superstar Michael Jordan and cartoon favorite Bugs Bunny team up with other basketball greats and Looney Tunes characters in this combination animated/live-action feature. Jordan must help the Looney Tunes gang with a basketball game against a group of outer space creatures whose plan, if they win, is to kidnap the Looney Tunes and take them to a failing intergalactic amusement park as the latest attraction. Also starring Academy Award-nominee Bill Murray (""Lost in Translation,"" ""Charlie's Angels"") and Wayne Knight (TV's ""Seinfeld,"" ""Rat Race""). Gene Shalit says this movie is ""for adults, kids, teenagers, women, men, boys, girls, old folks, young folks, Jordan fans, Bill Murray fans, Wayne Knight fans and every Looney Tunes lover who wants to revel in Bugs Bunny and his pals at their looney tuniest."""	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Joe Pytka	Leo Benvenuti|Steve Rudnick|Timothy Harris|Herschel Weingrod	19961115	19970827	It's really bad, but the soundtrack cannot be denied. It alone bumps it up a few points.	3/5	fresh	Brandon Collins	0	Medium Popcorn	20180830
Versatile Canadian comedian Martin Short plays a 10-year old boy in this comedy aimed at younger audiences. The tale is told in flashback to another little boy. Clifford is a manipulative brat. Clifford really wants to visit Dinosaur World in Los Angeles. Clifford wants to go so badly that he manages to force the Hawaii bound plane he and his parents are on to land in L.A. His parents need to attend a convention in Hawaii so they leave him with his Uncle Martin who despises children. Martin's fiance adores kids, so he pretends to be ecstatic about Clifford's visit. He must also pretend that Clifford is the angel child he isn't. Because Martin reneges on a promise to take him to Dinosaur World, Clifford begins an elaborate plot for revenge.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Flaherty	Will Aldis|Jay Dee Rock|Steven Kampmann|Bobby Vonhayes	19940401	20040302	When Martin puts Clifford on a harrowing hyperspeed version of the Larry the Scary Rex ride, the special effects are impressive, but not worth waiting for.	2/5	rotten	Caryn James	1	New York Times	20030520
George Cukor's remake of the 1940 film Gaslight is the story of a beautiful, innocent woman (Ingrid Bergman) who marries a charming man (Charles Boyer) who tries to drive her insane. Boasting a lavish, detailed production that perfectly recreates the Victorian era, Gaslight is one of the greatest psychological thrillers ever made, thanks to Bergman's stellar, Oscar-winning performance. Gaslight was later shown in a computer-colorized print.	PG	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	George Cukor		19440511	20040203	Effective thriller, but inferior to the British original.	4/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20021201
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	Reign of Fire will likely reign over the box office.	5/5	fresh		0	3BlackChicks Review	20020803
Soon after a rising young singer-songwriter (Hedlund) gets involved with a fallen, emotionally unstable country star (Paltrow), the pair embarks on a career resurrection tour helmed by her husband/manager (McGraw) and featuring a beauty-queen-turned-singer (Meester). Between concerts, romantic entanglements and old demons threaten to derail them all. -- (C) Columbia	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Shana Feste	Shana Feste	20110107	20110412	Corny and cliched	6/10	rotten	Susan Granger	0	SSG Syndicate	20110111
What does a biographer do when the truth about his subject is far less pleasant than the legend? That is the moral dilemma at the heart of Cobb, which explores the lives of both baseball's premier hitter, Ty Cobb (Tommy Lee Jones), and the sportswriter assigned to set his story down, Al Stump (Robert Wuhl). Stump arrives at the Tahoe home of the dying Cobb to write the official life story of the first man inducted into the Baseball Hall Of Fame. He finds a drunken, misanthropic, bitter racist who abuses his biographer as well as everyone else. Stump must either candycoat his subject's life or present an accurate picture of a disgusting man who happened to become an American sports hero. The movie's biting focus on Cobb, ferociously performed by Jones, is not matched by its weaker representation of Stump, an imbalance which ultimately weakens the film's overall effect.	R	Drama	Ron Shelton	Ron Shelton	19941202	20030902	Pleasant? No. But the new biographical film Cobb, about baseball great Ty Cobb, is certainly engrossing -- primarily due to a smashing lead performance by Tommy Lee Jones.	3/4	fresh	Chris Hicks	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20000101
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	It maintains its humor remarkably well, the gifted cast of superstars playing off one another with surprising ease. And, while the belly laughs of the first are noticeably absent, this one doesn't wear out its welcome quite as quickly as that one did.	2.5/4	fresh	Sara Michelle	0	MovieFreak.com	20041227
A disturbing videotape appears to hold the power of life and death over those who view it in this offbeat thriller. A strange videotape begins making the rounds in a town in the Pacific Northwest; it is full of bizarre and haunting images, and after watching it, many viewers receive a telephone call in which they are warned they will die in seven days. A handful of teenagers who watched the tape while spending a weekend at a cabin in the mountains scoff at the threat, but as predicted, they all die suddenly on the same night. Rachel Keller (Naomi Watts), the aunt of one of the ill-fated teens, is a journalist who has decided to investigate the matter and travels West with her young son, Aidan (David Dorfman), a troubled child who has been drawing pictures of strange and ominous visions. Rachel managed to find the cabin in the woods and watches the video herself; afterward, she receives the same phone call, and realizes she must solve the puzzle of the video and the person or persons behind it within a week. Rachel turns to her ex, Noah (Martin Henderson), an expert in video technology, who at first is convinced the story is a hoax until he digs deeper into the mystery. The Ring was adapted from a 1996 Japanese film by Hideo Nakata, which became a massive box-office success in Asia and spawned two sequels.	PG-13	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense Romance	Gore Verbinski	Ehren Kruger	20021018	20030304	Watts holds our attention and sympathy, even when the plot floats into the ether.	7/10	fresh	Jack Garner	0	Rochester Democrat and Chronicle	20021018
Josh Hartnett, Naomie Harris, Rip Torn, and Adam Scott star in director/co-screenwriter Austin Chick's tale about an ambitious dotcom entrepreneur attempting to stay afloat as the stock market begins to collapse and the entire country remains blissfully unaware of the national tragedy looming ever closer on the horizon. Tom Sterling (Hartnett) is on a professional downward spiral that's rapidly cutting into his personal life as well. His apathetic investor, Ogilvie (David Bowie), is refusing to relinquish control of the company that Tom is fighting to save, and his girlfriend, Sarrah (Harris), seems to have lost all interest in their relationship. In the midst of all this, Tom must also attempt to heal the wounds that have kept him estranged from his father, David (Torn), and brother, Joshua (Scott), as well.	R	Drama	Austin Chick		20080122	20080826	A movie that makes a good initial public offering.	3/4	fresh	Jonathan W. Hickman	0	Entertainment Insiders	20081018
Vin Diesel opted to not appear in the sequel to the film the shot him to stardom in the first place, The Fast and the Furious. With the character of Dominic Toretto out of the picture, 2 Fast 2 Furious concentrates exclusively on the latest exploits of undercover agent Brian O'Connor, played by Paul Walker. In addition, with director Rob Cohen passing, producers have added a dash of credibility to the sequel by hiring John Singleton to helm. What does completely remain from the first film is the presence of fast-living underground street-racing gangs. Moving from Los Angeles to Miami, O'Connor is looking to redeem himself after the events of the first movie, so he again goes undercover to infiltrate another group of thuggish car enthusiasts. This time around he's enlisted the help of ex-con Roman Pierce (Tyrese) and fellow agent Monica Celemente (Eva Mendes) to bring down Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), an importer/exporter who heads up a massive drug trafficking operation. Heading up the supporting cast are hip-hop stars Ludacris and Fabolous.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Singleton	Gary Scott Thompson|Derek Haas|Michael Brandt	20030606	20030930		3.5/5	fresh		0	Film Threat	20051206
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	Enchanted isn't just a culture-clash fable, it's also a throwback to one of classic Hollywood's giddiest genres: the screwball comedy.	B	fresh	Chris Vognar	1	Dallas Morning News	20071121
This is a romantic comedy set in Paris about a family that goes there because of business, and two young people who are engaged to be married in the fall have experiences there that change their lives. It's about a young man's great love for a city, Paris, and the illusion people have that a life different from theirs would be much better. It stars Owen Wilson, Rachel McAdams, Marion Cotillard, Kathy Bates, Carla Bruni, among others. -- (C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	20110610	20111220	"It's a charming, fanciful comedy in the vein of ""Bullets over Broadway"" and ""The Purple Rose of Cairo,"" the kind of movie I honestly thought Woody had lost the knack for. But you can never count him out."	3.5/4	fresh	Rob Thomas	0	Capital Times (Madison, WI)	20110610
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	Expect well-deserved Oscar nominations for both Anthony Hopkins and Helen Mirren.	8/10	fresh	Susan Granger	0	SSG Syndicate	20121121
SELMA is the story of a movement. The film chronicles the tumultuous three-month period in 1965, when Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. led a dangerous campaign to secure equal voting rights in the face of violent opposition. The epic march from Selma to Montgomery culminated in President Johnson (Tom Wilkinson) signing the Voting Rights Act of 1965, one of the most significant victories for the civil rights movement. Director Ava DuVernays SELMA tells the real story of how the revered leader and visionary Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (David Oyelowo) and his brothers and sisters in the movement prompted change that forever altered history.(C) Paramount	PG-13	Drama	Ava DuVernay	Paul Webb	20150109	20150505	Selma is a rousing political drama, made with enough verve and passion never merely to seem didactic. Its near complete absence from this year's Oscar nominations is baffling and suggests a double standard.	4/5	fresh	Geoffrey Macnab	0	Independent (UK)	20150205
A youngster partners up with Pecos Bill, Paul Bunyan and John Henry to save the family farm.	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy Western		Robert Rodat|Steve Bloom	19950324	20080826	A good Disney fantasy adventure for kids.	2.5/4	fresh	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20030323
"""Cadillac Records"" is about the rise and fall of Chess Records, which launched the careers of Muddy Waters, Etta James and Chuck Berry. Leonard Chess scoured the South, checking out the various blues scenes and selling records from the back of his Cadillac."	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Darnell Martin	Darnell Martin	20081205	20090310	Any of these musicians deserves a Walk the Line or Coal Miner's Daughter-type biopic of their own; perhaps this flawed but enjoyable movie is the first step toward that.	2.5/4	fresh	Moira MacDonald	1	Seattle Times	20081205
"Fourteen scriptwriters spent five years toiling over a movie adaptation of war correspondent Vincent Sheehan's Personal History before producer Walter Wanger brought the property to the screen as Foreign Correspondent. What emerged was approximately 2 parts Sheehan and 8 parts director Alfred Hitchcock--and what's wrong with that? Joel McCrea stars as an American journalist sent by his newspaper to cover the volatile war scene in Europe in the years 1938 to 1940. He has barely arrived in Holland before he witnesses the assassination of Dutch diplomat Albert Basserman: at least, that's what he thinks he sees. McCrea makes the acquaintance of peace-activist Herbert Marshall, his like-minded daughter Laraine Day, and cheeky British secret agent George Sanders. A wild chase through the streets of Amsterdam, with McCrea dodging bullets, leads to the classic ""alternating windmills"" scene, which tips Our Hero to the existence of a formidable subversive organization. McCrea returns to England, where he nearly falls victim to the machinations of jovial hired-killer Edmund Gwenn. The leader of the spy ring is revealed during the climactic plane-crash sequence--which, like the aforementioned windmill scene, is a cinematic tour de force for director Hitchcock and cinematographer Rudolph Mate. Producer Wanger kept abreast of breaking news events all through the filming of Foreign Correspondent, enabling him to keep the picture as ""hot"" as possible: the final scene, with McCrea broadcasting to a ""sleeping"" America from London while Nazi bombs drop all around him, was filmed only a short time after the actual London blitz. The script was co-written by Robert Benchley, who has a wonderful supporting role as an eternally tippling newsman. Foreign Correspondent was Alfred Hitchcock's second American film, and remained one of his (and his fans') personal favorites."	PG	Action and Adventure Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense Romance	Alfred Hitchcock	Charles Bennett|James Hilton|Joan Harrison|Richard Maibaum|Robert Benchley	19400816	20040907	The film includes some of Hitchcock's finest set-pieces, including a secret hideout inside a windmill, a murder in broad daylight and a plane crash, even if the romantic subplot tends to slow things down a bit.	4/4	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20040920
In the summer of 1839, on a stormy night off the coast of Cuba, 53 Africans held captive in the cramped cargo holds of the Spanish slave ship La Amistad break free of their shackles. Led by Cinque, they arm themselves, take control of the ship and reclaim their freedom. They have one goal: to return to Africa. Without the navigational skills to guide them home, the Africans are forced to rely on the two surviving members of the crew. But they are tricked. After two months on a ragged course up the Eastern seaboard, the Amistad is captured by an American naval ship off the coast of Connecticut and the Africans were charged for murder and piracy. In the beginning, the Africans are championed by abolitionists Theodore Joadson and Lewis Tappan, and a young real estate attorney named Roger Baldwin. However, as the case becomes the symbol of a nation divided, two great Americans lock horns in the debate. Pro-slavery President Martin Van Buren, seeking re-election, is willing to sacrifice the Africans to appease the South, as well as Queen Isabella of Spain. But his will is challenged by former President John Quincy Adams, who comes out of retirement to fight the Africans' cause in the United State Supreme Court.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Steven Spielberg		19971212	19990419	Steven Spielberg's engaging, heartfelt and well-made drama delves into a critical incident in the history of slavery in America.	3/4	fresh	Margaret A. McGurk	0	Cincinnati Enquirer	20021015
"Fed up with watching vicious criminals walk on technicalities and loopholes, judge Michael Douglas accepts his older colleague Hal Holbrook's invitation to join ""The Star Chamber."" This sub-rosa organization consists of nine like-minded judges who endeavor to take the law into their own hands."	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Peter Hyams	Roderick Taylor|Peter Hyams	19830804	20050201	Outstanding performances across the board.	4/5	fresh	Rob Gonsalves	0	eFilmCritic.com	20070409
"Youthful wizard Harry Potter returns to the screen in this, the second film adaptation of J.K. Rowling's wildly popular series of novels for young people. Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) return for a second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, where Headmaster Dumbledore (Richard Harris), Professor Snape (Alan Rickman), Professor McGonagall (Maggie Smith), and Hagrid the Giant (Robbie Coltrane) are joined by new faculty members Gilderoy Lockhart (Kenneth Branagh), a self-centered expert in Defense against the Dark Arts, and Sprout (Miriam Margolyes), who teaches Herbology. However, it isn't long before Harry and company discover something is amiss at Hogwarts: Students are petrified like statues, threats are written in blood on the walls, and a deadly monster is on the loose. It seems that someone has opened the mysterious Chamber of Secrets, letting loose the monster and all its calamitous powers. As Harry, Ron, and Hermione set out to find the secret chamber and slay the beast, speculation is rife that one of the heirs of Salazar Slytherin, the co-founder of the school, opened the chamber as a warning against the presence of ""mudbloods"" (magic-users of impure lineage) at the school -- and that the culprit may be fellow student Draco Malfoy (Tom Felton). Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets featured Richard Harris' second and final appearance as Headmaster Dumbledore; he died less than a month before the film was released in the United States."	PG	Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	Chris Columbus	Steve Kloves	20021115	20030411	It's good, genuinely good, not just as a cultural sensation but as a movie all its own.	A-	fresh	Eugene Novikov	0	Film Blather	20021114
Adapted from Bob Glaudini's play of the same name, Philip Seymour Hoffman's directorial debut, Jack Goes Boating, tells the simple tale of Jack (Hoffman), a shy, fortyish limo driver with a fondness for pot and reggae music -- he likes it because it sounds happy -- who meets Connie (Amy Ryan) for a blind date set up by Connie's co-worker Lucy (Daphne Rubin-Vega), who is married to Jack's best friend and fellow limo driver, Clyde (John Ortiz). As the young couple tentatively come together, breaking through layers and layers of awkwardness and low self-esteem, Clyde and Lucy's marriage begins to dissolve because of Clyde's inability to get over an incident from their past. All the while, Clyde gives Jack swimming lessons so that he can take Connie on her dream date -- a boating trip on the lake.	R	Comedy Romance	Philip Seymour Hoffman	Bob Glaudini	20100917	20110118	There's no arguing with the performances.	3/4	fresh	Robert W. Butler	0	Kansas City Star	20101008
"RJ Stevens left behind his modest Southern upbringing and family name to transform into a self-help guru dispensing his ""Team of Me"" philosophy to millions of adoring fans. With a reality-TV-star fianc"	PG-13	Comedy			20080208	20080617	... recycles so much material it's a wonder the film stock didn't turn green during filming.	C	rotten	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20080208
The story of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and its aftermath are the subject of this sometimes iconoclastic but always passionate religious drama. On its initial release, the film was the center of a notable controversy, thanks to protests from fundamentalists objecting to the film's unconventional depiction of Jesus.	R	Drama	Martin Scorsese	Paul Schrader	19880812	20000425	All the characters in the film speak as people in today's modern society speak, and I would argue that's one of the things that make The Last Temptation of Christ so approachable.	3.5/4	fresh	Eric Melin	0	Scene-Stealers.com	20120410
Marvel's first family of comic superheroes takes the world by storm as the longest running comic book series in history comes to the big screen. Reed Richards/Mr. Fantastic, who can elongate his body; Susan Storm/Invisible Woman, who not only can become invisible at will but can render other objects invisible; Johnny Storm/Human Torch, who can shoot fire from his finger tips and bend flame; and Ben Grimm/The Thing, a hideously misshapen monster with superhuman strength, together battle the evil Doctor Doom.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Tim Story	Mark Frost|Michael France|Carl Johansen	20050708	20051206	full review in Greek	2.5/5	rotten	Joseph Proimakis	0	Movies for the Masses	20061003
In the 3D animated comedy, The Angry Birds Movie, we'll finally find out why the birds are so angry. The movie takes us to an island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds--or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red (Jason Sudeikis), a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck (Josh Gad), and the volatile Bomb (Danny McBride) have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.	PG	Animation Kids and Family	Clay Kaytis|Fergal Reilly	Jon Vitti	20160520	20160816	Would have been terrible even if it managed to come out during the period of time when society might have been interested in it. Instead, it's both terrible and deeply pathetic.	4/10	rotten	Tim Brayton	0	Antagony &amp; Ecstasy	20161204
F W Murnau is making Nosferatu on location in Eastern Europe. The director is determined to make this the most authentic movie ever. To this end Murnau has employed a real vampire, Max Schreck. He explains Schreck's weird behavior by saying that he is a fastidious method actor. As payment Schreck has been promised drug addicted beauty Greta - Nosferatu's leading-lady. She is to be his at the end of filming. But it seems that Schreck cannot wait that long to taste the blood of the crew.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense		Steven Katz	20001229	20010529	What might have occurred during the filming of Nosferatu leaves one amused but confused about how much of Shadow is a spoof and how much is based in truth.	3/4	fresh	Judith Egerton	0	Courier-Journal (Louisville, KY)	20040625
"In the mid-to-late 1960s, in Washington, D.C., vibrant soul music and exploding social consciousness were combining to unique and powerful effect. It was the place and time for Ralph Waldo ""Petey"" Greene Jr. to fully express himself--sometimes to outrageous effect--and ""tell it like it is."" With the support of his irrepressible and tempestuous girlfriend Vernell, the newly minted ex-con talks his way into an on-air radio gig at WOL-AM, where fellow prison inmate Milo's brother Dewey Hughes is the program director. At the station, Petey becomes an iconic radio personality, surpassing even the established popularity of his fellow disc jockeys, Nighthawk and Sunny Jim. Combining biting humor with social commentary, Petey openly courts controversy for station owner E.G. Sonderling. Petey was determined to make not just himself but his community heard during an exciting and turbulent period in American history. As Petey's voice, humor, and spirit surge across the airwaves with the vitality of the era, listeners tune in to hear not only incredible music but also a man speaking directly to them about race and power in America like few people ever have. Through the years, Petey's ""The truth just is"" style--on and off the air--would redefine both Petey and Dewey, and empower each to become the man he would most like to be."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kasi Lemmons	Michael Genet|Rick Famuyiwa	20070727	20071030	Greene may have known his ceiling; thankfully, Cheadle recognizes no such boundaries. The man just keeps exploring the outer limits of his talent.	3/4	fresh	Glenn Whipp	0	Los Angeles Daily News	20070714
Two young women try to climb the corporate ladder using their feminine wiles in this erotic melodrama from French director Jean-Claude Brisseau. At the beginning of the film, Nathalie (Coralie Revel) and Sandrine (Sabrina Seyvecou) work in a strip club, where Nathalie wows the customers with her dancing while Sandrine tends bar. After a fight with their boss, both of them are tossed out late one night. Sandrine, a newcomer to Paris, is late paying her rent and can't go back to her apartment, so Nathalie invites her to move in with her. They become lovers, and after occupying themselves for awhile by behaving very naughtily in public, decide to conquer the working world with their powers of seduction. They both find jobs at a seemingly normal company and choose as their target a mild-mannered middle-aged bureaucrat named Delacroix (Roger Mirmont). But the company has some kinky secrets of its own, personified by the owner's son Christophe (Fabrice Deville), a decadent nihilist with a very close relationship with his sister, in whom the women might have met their match.	NR	Art House and International Drama Romance	Jean-Claude Brisseau	Jean-Claude Brisseau	20030409	20041123		B+	fresh	Daniel Kasman	0	d+kaz. intelligent movie reviews	20040807
The film tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela joined forces with the captain of South Africa's rugby team to help unite their country. Newly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.	PG-13	Drama Sports and Fitness	Clint Eastwood	Anthony Peckham	20091211	20100518	Inspiring tale about Mandela, rugby, and national pride.	4/5	fresh	Sandie Angulo	0	Common Sense Media	20091211
John Wayne and Kirk Douglas spend half of The War Wagon trying to knock one another off and the other half working shoulder to shoulder. Settling an old score with avaricious mine owner Bruce Cabot, Wayne plans to steal a	NR	Action and Adventure Classics Western	Burt Kennedy	Clair Huffaker	19670527	19980818		3/5	fresh	Robin Clifford	0	Reeling Reviews	20040309
Somewhere in the naked city lurks a one-armed, one-legged, one-eyed man responsible for the murder for which Ryan Harrison has been wrongfully accused. To find him, all Ryan needs is a clue.	PG-13	Comedy	Pat Proft	Pat Proft	19980821	19981222		2/5	rotten	Chuck O'Leary	0	Fantastica Daily	20051009
The true-life story of a coach who tries to teach his players that there's more to life than basketball is brought to the screen in this sports drama. Ken Carter (Samuel L. Jackson) was once a star player on the Richmond High School basketball team in Richmond, CA, and years later, after establishing himself in publishing and marketing, he returns to the school and to the team as the new basketball coach. Carter quickly sees that his work is cut out for him -- the team is having an awful season, and their fights off the court are more decisive than their play on the court. While Carter wants to make the Richmond cagers into a winning team, he also wants a lot more -- to teach the boys to respect themselves and one another, and that they must excel in the classroom as well as in the gymnasium. Under Carter's guidance, the team turns their losing season around, with the state title a genuine possibility. However, when Carter learns that a number of his players have let their grade point averages slip below 2.3, as mandated in a contract he entered into with the students, he decides to lock the team out of the gym and send them into study hall until their marks improve. Carter's plan quickly becomes a subject of controversy among parents and team boosters, and their objections are soon picked up by the local news media, many of whom are not sympathetic to Carter's belief that his players must have goals beyond college ball or the NBA. Coach Carter also features Rob Brown and Rick Gonzalez as members of the team, and R&amp;B; diva Ashanti in her film debut as the girlfriend of one of Carter's players.	PG-13	Drama	Thomas Carter	Mark Schwahn|John Gatins	20050114	20050621	If you've spent a week with CBS' prime-time lineup, you've heard this tune a million times.	2/5	rotten	Carina Chocano	1	Los Angeles Times	20050113
Based on Peter Turner's memoir, the film follows the playful but passionate relationship between Turner (Bell) and the eccentric Academy Award (R)-winning actress Gloria Grahame (Bening) in 1978 Liverpool. What starts as a vibrant affair between a legendary femme fatale and her young lover quickly grows into a deeper relationship, with Turner being the person Gloria turns to for comfort. Their passion and lust for life is tested to the limits by events beyond their control.	R	Art House and International Drama Romance	Paul McGuigan	Matt Greenhalgh	20171229	20180424	The delicacy to the subject matter is fortunate as it could have easily been a by the numbers film about illness, love and separation. [Full Review in Spanish]	7/10	fresh	Felipe Vicente	0	EscribiendoCine	20180430
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	In Carol, director Todd haynes shows us his hability to exploit themes about gender roles and secual orientation with a very submersive story. [Full review in Spanish] 	8/10	fresh		0	EscribiendoCine	20160128
Set eight years after the last Child's Play installment, another doll is possessed by the spirit of Charles Lee Ray (voice by Brad Dourif), and the demon follows his usual target Andy Barclay (Justin Whalin) to a military academy.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Jack Bender	Don Mancini	19910830	20031007		2.5/5	rotten	Marc Savlov	0	Austin Chronicle	20000101
David Fincher's The Curious Case of Benjamin Button, an adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's story, re-teams the director with Brad Pitt, who takes on the title role. What makes Button such a curious case is that when he is born in New Orleans just after World War I, he is already in his eighties, and proceeds to live his life aging in reverse. This sweeping film follows the character's unusual life into the 21st century as he experiences joy and sadness, loves lost and found, and the meaning of timelessness. Cate Blanchett co-stars along with Tilda Swinton, Elias Koteas, and Julia Ormond.	PG-13	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Romance	David Fincher	Eric Roth|Robin Swicord	20081225	20090505	Thirteen Oscar nominations? You have to wonder at the emotional maturity of the Academy Awards jury - perhaps they, as Pitt's Button, are ageing in reverse and are now sitting on their potties.	7/10	fresh	Victor Olliver	0	Teletext	20090205
"For super-dog ""Bolt"", every day is filled with adventure, danger and intrigue - at least until the cameras stop rolling. When the star of a hit TV show is accidentally shipped from his Hollywood soundstage to New York City, he begins his biggest adventure yet - a cross-country journey through the real world to get back to his owner and co-star, Penny. Armed only with the delusions that all his amazing feats and powers are real, and the help of two unlikely traveling companions -- a jaded, abandoned housecat named Mittens and a TV-obsessed hamster named Rhino -- Bolt discovers he doesn't need superpowers to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Comedy			20081121	20090324	the film succeeds because it has genuine heart, a couple of mildly-thrilling action sequences, and most notably, a hilarious supporting performance by Mark Walton, who plays Rhino the hamster.	3/4	fresh	Sean McBride	0	Sean the Movie Guy	20081119
Adrian Lyne buffs the premise of Honeymoon in Vegas to a fine gloss in this yuppie melodrama that poses the conundrum of whether the loving husband of an equally loving wife will accept	R	Drama	Adrian Lyne	Amy Holden Jones|William Goldman	19930407	20020416		2/5	rotten	Thomas Delapa	0	Boulder Weekly	20050722
"In Paul Verhoeven's wild sci-fi action movie Total Recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a 21st-century construction worker who discovers that his entire memory of the past derives from a memory chip implanted in his brain. Schwarzenegger learns that he's actually a secret agent who had become a threat to the government, so those in power planted the chip and invented a domestic lifestyle for him. Once he has realized his true identity, he travels to Mars to piece together the rest of his identity, as well as to find the man responsible for his implanted memory. Verhoeven has created a fast, furious action film with Total Recall, filled with impressive stunts and (literally) eye-popping visuals. Though the film bears only a passing resemblance to the Philip K. Dick short story it was based on (""We Can Remember It For You Wholesale""), the movie is an entertaining, if very violent, ride."	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Paul Verhoeven		19900601	20000829	Schwarzenegger has enough inherent charm and likeability that he's better off when he just lets the story pull him along, as he does here.	6/10	fresh	MaryAnn Johanson	0	Flick Filosopher	20000101
Screenwriter Nimrod Antal makes an impressive directorial debut in this surreal, atmospheric and entirely subterranean black comedy-thriller about transit officials in a Budapest subway dealing with unruly riders and a serial killer. Sandor Csanyi, Zoltan Mucsi, Csaba Pindroch, Sandor Badar, Zsolt Nagy, Bence Matyassi.	R	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama Mystery and Suspense			20050401	20050830	Antal proudly wears Tarantino influences, lingering in humorous conversations that race out on tangents, adding flavor to characters while also subtly developing themes.	3/4	fresh	Phil Villarreal	0	Arizona Daily Star	20050722
Fate brings a childless couple a bundle of joy -- who happens to have a criminal record -- in this comedy directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans. Calvin Simms (Marlon Wayans) is a master criminal who with the help of his friend and sidekick, Percy (Tracy Morgan), plans a daring robbery of a museum where one of the world's largest diamonds is on display. One of reasons Calvin is able to get inside secure areas is his size -- Calvin is dwarf who stands less than two feet tall, and can slip in unnoticed where more conventionally sized people would not. While Calvin is able to get the diamond, he's nearly caught by the police while making his getaway, and stashes the jewel in a bag carried by a passerby. Eager to recover the diamond from the unwitting accomplice, Calvin and Percy figure out a way to get into his house -- they dress Calvin up as a baby, and leave him on the doorstep of the passerby's home. As it happens, the couple who live there (Shawn Wayans and Kerry Washington) have been wanting to have a baby, and they eagerly take the new arrival under their wing, embracing the joys of parenthood while ignoring some of the toddler's unusual behavior.	PG-13	Comedy	Keenen Ivory Wayans	Keenen Ivory Wayans|Shawn Wayans|Marlon Wayans	20060714	20061107	Marlon's no-limits performance, relying only on his voice and facial expressions, proves to be the film's strongest asset.	2.5/4	fresh	Mack Bates	0	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	20060714
"One of Filmmaker Magazine's ""25 New Faces of Independent Film,"" writer-director Tze Chun makes his feature film debut with one of the most-awarded and best-reviewed films of the year. CHILDREN OF INVENTION is by turns humorous and heartbreaking, an ""edge-of-your-seat family drama"" (Spout) that's both ""powerfully moving and rigorously intelligent.""(Boston Phoenix).After being evicted, hardworking single mom Elaine Cheng (Cindy Cheung, Lady in the Water) tries to maintain a normal life for her children, Raymond and Tina. Elaine juggles a number of jobs, including working for a questionable pyramid scheme. When Elaine doesn't return home one night, nobody knows the kids are home alone, and they are left to fend for themselves. As the days pass, Raymond, a budding inventor, realizes he needs to come up with a plan to take care of his little sister.Referencing both the mortgage meltdown and suburban Ponzi schemes, ""the film finds delicate moments of beauty and grace as its child heroes are forced to make their way"" (Filmmaker Magazine). Featuring ""gifted child actors--off-the-charts cute, refreshingly free of Hollywood precociousness"" (LA Weekly), CHILDREN OF INVENTION is ""as close to cinematic purity as one is likely to see this year"" (Film Society of Lincoln Center), a timely drama about the influence of the adult world on children and resilience in hard times.CHILDREN OF INVENTION made its world premiere at the 2009 Sundance Film Festival and won Grand Jury Prizes for Best Narrative Feature at the 2009 Newport International Film Festival, Independent Film Festival Boston, and Los Angeles Asian Pacific Film Festival, and Special Jury Prizes at the 2009 Sarasota, Nashville, Los Angeles Asian Pacific, and San Francisco International Asian American Film Festivals. It was the Opening Night Film at five film festivals and the Closing Night Film at two film festivals in 2009. -- (C) Official Site"	NR	Drama	Tze Chun	Tze Chun	20100312	20100810	It's a promising start for director Tze Chun, but despite the film's charms, the story doesn't get interesting enough early enough.	2/4	rotten	Mike Scott	0	Times-Picayune	20100611
You've probably already guessed that the Family Business in this all-star melodrama is the business of crime. Adapted from a novel by Vincent Patrick, the film stars Sean Connery as Jessie McMullen, the patriarch of a family of career criminals, including his son Vito (Dustin Hoffman) and grandson Adam (Matthew Broderick). Vito has gone legit, but college-educated Adam remains loyal to his grandfather. Reluctantly, Vito joins his father and son on a big-time heist involving millions of dollars' worth of test-tube specimens. There's many a slip-up and betrayal before the three generations can find a common ground.	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Sidney Lumet	Vincent Patrick|Richard Burridge	19891215	20030520		3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
"When 22 year-old drug dealer Chris (Hirsch) has his stash of drugs stolen from him by his mother, he has to come up with six-thousand dollars quick, or he's dead. Desperate, he goes to the trailer-park to see his father, Ansel (Hayden Church), and he lays out the plan. Chris's mother, who everyone hates, has a life insurance policy that would clear up his debt and make them all rich. The problem is that Chris' mother is very much alive. Enter Detective ""Killer"" Joe Cooper, a hired hit man with the manners of a Southern gentleman, who will do the job - for an upfront fee, that Chris and Ansel can't pay. Just as Joe is about to leave, he spots Dottie (Temple), Chris' innocent younger sister. Joe makes Chris an offer, he'll keep Dottie as sexual collateral until the money is collected and his fee can be paid. -- (C) Voltage Pictures"	R	Comedy Mystery and Suspense	William Friedkin	Tracy Letts	20120727	20121221	As the head of this diamondback-rattlesnake-of-a-film, Matthew McConaughey strikes within a sadistic realm very few actors would dare to tread. 	B-	fresh	Kiko Martinez	0	San Antonio Current 	20180126
Director John Woo brings Hong Kong-style martial arts action to this comic book-flavored sequel that eschews the complicated plot and political maneuverings of its predecessor in favor of pure, adrenaline-charged thrills. Tom Cruise returns as Ethan Hunt, an operative for the top-secret government agency IMF (Impossible Missions Force). Fellow agent Sean Ambrose (Dougray Scott) has gone rogue, stealing a sample of a deadly synthetic virus named Chimera that could rapidly wipe out the world's population. Ambrose's plan is to sell Chimera to the highest bidder in exchange for shares of stock in the winner's company. Summoned by the new IMF chief (Anthony Hopkins in an uncredited cameo role), Ethan is assigned to recruit the help of Ambrose's former lover Nyah Nordoff-Hall (Thandie Newton), a gorgeous woman who left Ambrose broken-hearted and who may be able to quickly regain his confidence. Once he meets and spends a night with Nyah, however, Ethan is smitten, and now must both capture Ambrose and keep Nyah alive as she infiltrates a nest of vipers. Sophisticated disguises, gun battles, and high-speed chases are the order of the day, very much in the James Bond mold. Mission: Impossible 2 is based on a story by Star Trek: The Next Generation writers Ronald D. Moore and Brannon Braga, with a script polish by Robert Towne.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Woo	William Goldman|John Logan|David Marconi|Michael Tolkin|Robert Towne|Rick Berman	20001231	20001107		B-	fresh	Robert Denerstein	1	Denver Rocky Mountain News	20000101
Three divorced fathers struggle to bond with their children and to deal with their conflicting emotions about their ex-wives in this comedy drama. Dave and his ex get along pretty well, but since the divorce, he has become a bit of a rake and is loathe to commit to his new girl friend. Donny still pines for his ex, while Vic would like to see his former wife and her new lover die slow, painful deaths. The three men come together to discuss their new and past experiences. Although at first their stories are presented episodically, eventually their multi-layered lives converge on one chaotic night.	PG-13	Comedy	Sam Weisman		19940601	20050208		2/5	rotten	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050811
"Yoji Yamada's torchy Japanese drama Love and Honor (aka Bushi no Ichibun) follows the heartbreaking plight of Shinnojo (Yoji Yamada), a young man employed as a ""food taster"" for the imperial family. Shinnojo's position comes to a sudden and tragic end when he consumes poisoned fish intended for the clan leader and is forever robbed of his sight. Forced to give up his job, Shinnojo thus heads home and sinks into a deep and seemingly inescapable depression. Contemplating suicide, Shinnojo is only stopped by the love of his wife, Kayo, who insists that she will also commit seppuku if he proceeds. Begrudgingly, he agrees to relinquish his self-destructive thoughts, but financial problems from his unemployment linger on. With no other recourse, Shinnojo must send Kayo off to the clan bursar to appeal for monetary assistance. Nothing, however, can prepare him for the bursar's demand for his wife's body in exchange for monetary help -- or for his wife's sudden complicity in this arrangement. Rei Dan, Mitsugoro Bando, and Kaori Momoi co-star."	PG-13	Art House and International Classics Drama Romance	Yoji Yamada	Yoji Yamada|Ichiro Yamamoto|Emiko Hiramatsu	20071102	20081111	the movie has only one sword fight, and it consists of only three or four swings of the blade, but don't let that dissuade you. You won't be bored.	4/5	fresh	Don Willmott	0	Filmcritic.com	20090102
Justine is thirty years old and works as a discount store clerk in Texas. Deeply unhappy in her marriage to a man who is infertile because of a dope-smoking habit, Justine soon begins an affair with Holden, the store's newly hired cashier and becomes pregnant. Holden, who has serious issues of his own, steals money from the store's safe for the two of them to run away, but the plan is short-lived when it takes a tragic turn for the worse.	R	Comedy Drama	Miguel Arteta	Mike White	20020807	20030107	The Good Girl belongs to Aniston, who buries Rachel in style with a sweet, soulful, hangdog performance that you will be thinking of long after you leave the cinema. .	4/5	fresh	Shannon J. Harvey	0	Sunday Times (Australia)	20030427
Alice Howland, happily married with three grown children, is a renowned linguistics professor who starts to forget words. When she receives a diagnosis of Early-Onset Alzheimer's Disease, Alice and her family find their bonds thoroughly tested. Her struggle to stay connected to who she once was is frightening, heartbreaking, and inspiring.(C) Sony Classics	PG-13	Drama	Richard Glatzer|Wash Westmoreland	Wash Westmoreland|Richard Glatzer	20150116	20150512	"Moore has been a fine actress for a long time and ""Still Alice"" gives her a remarkable role, and the space to truly live it."	3.5/4	fresh	Stephen Whitty	1	Newark Star-Ledger	20141204
"Award-winning filmmaker Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra (writer/director of the BAFTA-nominated Rang De Basanti starring Aamir Khan) returns with his newest film BHAAG MILKHA BHAAG telling the true story of the ""Flying Sikh"" - world champion runner and Olympian Milkha Singh. Played by acclaimed actor Farhan Akhtar, Singh overcame the bloody massacre of his family, civil war during the India-Pakistan partition, and homelessness to become one of India's most iconic athletes. (c) Reliance Entertainment"	NR	Drama	Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra|Rakeysh Omprakesh Mehra	Prasoon Joshi	20130712	20150112	Mehra is brilliant at his craft; he infuses realism into drama, and explores characters so deeply and sensitively through tragedy and triumph, that it sparks an emotional deluge.	4/5	fresh	Madhureeta Mukherjee	0	The Times of India	20150517
"The eerie and deserted ghost town of Silent Hill draws a young mother desperate to find a cure for her only child's illness. Unable to accept the doctor's diagnosis that her daughter should be permanently institutionalized for psychiatric care, Rose flees with her child, heading for the abandoned town in search of answers -- and ignoring the protests of her husband. It's soon clear this place is unlike anywhere she's ever been. It's smothered by fog, inhabited by a variety of strange beings and periodically overcome by a living ""darkness"" that literally transforms everything it touches. As Rose begins to learn the history of the strange town, she realizes that her daughter is just a pawn in a larger game."	R	Action and Adventure Horror	Christophe Gans	Roger Avary	20060421	20060822	[Silent Hill] starts out a suffocating fog of creepiness wrapped around a memorably malevolent child spirit, but squanders its meticulously established atmosphere on a lengthy climactic sequence.	2/4	rotten	Maitland McDonagh	0	TV Guide	20060421
"When their new guardians forbid 16-year old Andi and her younger brother, Bruce to have a pet, Andi has to use her quick wit to help find a new home for their dog, Friday. The resourceful kids stumble upon an abandoned hotel and using Bruce's talents as a mechanical genius, transform it into a magical dog-paradise for Friday--and eventually for all Friday's friends. When barking dogs make the neighbors suspicious, Andi and Bruce use every invention they have to avoid anyone discovering ""who let the dogs in."""	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family	Thor Freudenthal	Jeff Lowell|Lois Duncan|Robert Schooley|Mark McCorkle	20090116	20090428	It's no great shakes as a film, but its combination of mild comedy, slapstick, pathos, many photogenic canines and a positive message will make it irresistible to families.	3/4	fresh	Walter V. Addiego	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20090116
Alex Browning, is embarking on a trip to Paris with his high school French class. In the plane's cabin, buckled-in and ready for take-off, Alex experiences a powerful premonition. He sees the plane explode in a fiery blaze moments after leaving the ground. Alex panics and insists that everyone get off the plane. In the melee than ensues, seven people including Alex, are forced to disembark the ill-fated aircraft. Back in the departure lounge, Alex and his friends Billy and Tod; Clear a young woman who instinctively heeded Alex's warning; Carter, whose derision of Alex's paranoia had him and his girlfriend Terry thrown off the plane; and Ms. Lewton, the teacher who volunteers to stay with the disembarking students, all watch as Alex's horrific premonition proves tragically accurate when the plane explodes in a catastrophic fireball. Ironically, even though Alex's intuition saves lives, after the crash he is plagued by both guilt and suspicion. Ominous portents of doom as well as the FBI, dog his every step. Alex comes to believe that somehow, he and the other survivors have briefly cheated death, but will not be able to evade their fate for very long. Clear befriends Alex, but no one, not even she, really believes his macabre theory -- not even as one by one, these fugitives from fate fall victim to the grim reaper.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Jeffrey Reddick|Glen Morgan	20000317	20000926		1.5/5	rotten	John R. McEwen	0	Film Quips Online	20030208
At an isolated mansion in the snowy countryside of 1950s France, a family is gathered for the holiday season... But there will be no celebration--their beloved patriarch has been murdered	R	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20020920	20030211	There are any number of moments that fans of French cinema could only have dreamed of ever happening.	3.5/4	fresh	Joe Baltake	0	Sacramento Bee	20021115
"Mark Felt - The Man Who Brought Down the White House centers on ""Deep Throat"", the pseudonym given to the notorious whistleblower for one of the greatest scandals of all time, Watergate. The true identity of the secret informant remained a mystery and source of much public curiosity and speculation for more than 30 years. That is until, in 2005, special agent Mark Felt shockingly revealed himself as the tipster. This unbelievable true story chronicles the personal and professional life of the brilliant and uncompromising Felt, who risked and ultimately sacrificed everything - his family, his career, his freedom - in the name of justice."	PG-13	Drama	Peter Landesman	Peter Landesman	20170929	20180109	The story's accidental timeliness may generate some interest, but the film kills it pretty swiftly.	2/5	rotten	Alistair Harkness	0	Scotsman	20180322
"""Cadillac Records"" is about the rise and fall of Chess Records, which launched the careers of Muddy Waters, Etta James and Chuck Berry. Leonard Chess scoured the South, checking out the various blues scenes and selling records from the back of his Cadillac."	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Darnell Martin	Darnell Martin	20081205	20090310	Messy, but with great musical performances.	B	fresh	Michael Dance	0	The Cinema Source	20090106
Thunderball finds James Bond matching wits with the sinister espionage organization S.P.E.C.T.R.E, (which stands for Special Executive for Counterintelligence, Terrorism, Revenge and Extortion). This time, S.P.E.C.T.R.E. hijacks a NATO nuclear bomber, hiding the bombs under the ocean depths and threatening to detonate the weapons unless a ransom of 100,000,000 pounds is paid. The mastermind behind this scheme is international business executive Emilio Largo (Adolfo Celi), who maintains a pool full of sharks for the purpose of eliminating enemies and those henchmen who fail to come up to standard. Dispatched to the Bahamas, lucky Mr. Bond enjoys the attentions of three nubile ladies: Largo's mistress Domino Derval (Claudine Auger), British spy Paula Caplan (Martine Beswick, previously seen as a gypsy girl in the 1962 Bond epic From Russia With Love) and enemy agent Fiona Volpe (Luciana Paluzzi).	PG	Action and Adventure Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Terence Young		19651220	19991019	Not the perfect Bond film, but it still represents the series in its zenith and provides excellent entertainment even after more than three decades.	8/10	fresh	Dragan Antulov	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
A smaller, amusing comedy from writer/director Woody Allen, Broadway Danny Rose begins with a bunch of show business vets sitting around a table at New York's Carnegie Deli and reminiscing about the legendary titular character, a loser of an agent who would represent anyone, including blind xylophonists, piano-playing birds, and has-been crooners with drinking problems. Allen plays Rose as a befuddled, warm-hearted schlub who finally has a shot at getting somewhere when he signs washed-up lounge singer Lou Canova (Nick Apollo Forte) and nearly brings his career back to life. Danny gets him a date at the Waldorf, where Milton Berle is in the audience, looking for guests for his TV special. Canova has a complicated love life, juggling both a wife and a girlfriend. so he enlists Danny to take the girlfriend, Tina Vitale (Mia Farrow), to the concert. But Canova and Tina have a fight, she goes back to her Mafioso boyfriend, and Danny winds up getting chased halfway around New York and New Jersey by the Mob. And of course, once Canova gets his big break, he dumps Danny for another agent. Allen, Forte, and especially Farrow all do strong work with characters that could have easily become stereotypes, and the film has a lighter, warmer touch than the Allen films that preceded it (Stardust Memories and Zelig).	PG	Comedy Romance	Woody Allen	Woody Allen	19840127	20011106	Like Hannah and Her Sisters it strikes a perfect balance between structure, pathos, and sheer laughs.	4/4	fresh	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20070825
"AMERICAN PASTORAL follows Seymour ""Swede"" Levov, a legendary high school athlete, who grows up to marry a former beauty queen and inherits his father's business. Swede's seemingly perfect life shatters when his daughter rebels by becoming a revolutionary and committing a deadly act of political terrorism during the Vietnam War."	R	Drama	Ewan McGregor	John Romano	20161021	20170207	There's a crippling lack of emotional depth and honesty - it's hard to decide which is more stridently melodramatic, the bombast of the score or the shrill performances.	2/5	rotten	Wendy Ide	0	Observer (UK)	20161113
During the winter of 1952, British authorities entered the home of mathematician, cryptanalyst and war hero Alan Turing (Benedict Cumberbatch) to investigate a reported burglary. They instead ended up arresting Turing himself on charges of 'gross indecency', an accusation that would lead to his devastating conviction for the criminal offense of homosexuality - little did officials know, they were actually incriminating the pioneer of modern-day computing. Famously leading a motley group of scholars, linguists, chess champions and intelligence officers, he was credited with cracking the so-called unbreakable codes of Germany's World War II Enigma machine. An intense and haunting portrayal of a brilliant, complicated man, THE IMITATION GAME follows a genius who under nail-biting pressure helped to shorten the war and, in turn, save thousands of lives. (c) Weinstein	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Morten Tyldum	Graham Moore	20141128	20150331	The Imitation Game may not be the big screen biography Turing deserves, but if this is the one that introduces his work to wider audiences, we'll take it.	6/10	fresh	Austin Trunick	0	Under the Radar	20141205
Adapted from Anne Holm's 1963 novel of the same name, I Am David is a family adventure film from writer/director Paul Feig, one of the creators of the short-lived, cult-favorite television dramedy Freaks and Geeks. Ben Tibber stars as David, a boy who, with the help of his friend Johannes (James Caviezel), escapes from a Bulgarian prison camp and begins a harrowing journey that leads him to Denmark via Italy. I Am David also stars Joan Plowright, Maria Bonnevie, and Silvia De Santis.	PG	Drama	Paul Feig	Paul Feig	20041203	20050405	Hinges on a rather unbelievable characterization of fascist kindness.	2/4	rotten	Nick Schager	0	Slant Magazine	20040828
A dating doctor claims that with his services he can match anyone with their soulmate in just three dates. When a jaded tabloid journalist sets out to expose him as a scam artist, the two find themselves falling in love.	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Andrew Tennant|Andy Tennant	Kevin Bisch	20050211	20050614	Only has one thing going for it and that's Will Smith, but that's enough.	B	fresh	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20050220
This French drama is about older woman Dominique who goes to a nightclub one evening and is attracted to younger bartender Quentin. Cross-dresser Chris approaches her and supplies her with the inside dope on Quentin. Dominique's intrigue for the completely opposite Quentin evolves into a passionate relationship.	R	Art House and International Drama		Jacques Fieschi	19980601	19991207		4/5	fresh	Mark Halverson	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20080807
"""The 400 Blows"" marks the birth of legendary nouvelle vague character Antoine Doinel; his is the story of a 13-year-old wild child whose adventures were based on director Francois Truffaut's own adolescence."	NR	Art House and International Classics Drama			19591116	19980324	Truffault's masterpiece. Timeless and true, heartbreakingly sad.	9	fresh	Dan Jardine	0	Apollo Guide	20090825
Get ready to go deeper undercover with Ricardo Tubbs (Jamie Foxx) and Sonny Crockett (Colin Farrell) in this Unrated Director's Edition that includes footage not seen in theaters	R	Action and Adventure Drama	Michael Mann	Michael Mann	20060728	20061205	A pointless exercise.	2/4	rotten	Joe Lozito	0	Big Picture Big Sound	20070714
As the result of a poorly considered wish, a snobbish little rich girl is magically transformed into a penniless nobody in this fantasy-comedy. Forced to seek work, she becomes the maid for an extremely wealthy and downright contemptible couple, learning a valuable lesson in how the other half lives.	PG	Comedy	Amy Holden Jones	Perry Howze|Randy Howze	19870101	20020618		2/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
Columnist Steve Lopez is at a dead end. The newspaper business is in an uproar, his marriage to a fellow journalist has fallen apart and he can't entirely remember what he loved about his job in the first place. Then, one day, while walking through Los Angeles' Skid Row, he sees the mysterious bedraggled figure Nathaniel Ayers, pouring his soul into a two-stringed violin. At first, Lopez approaches Ayers as just another story idea in a city of millions. But as he begins to unearth the mystery of how this alternately brilliant and distracted street musician, once a dynamic prodigy headed for fame, wound up living in tunnels and doorways, it sparks an unexpected quest. Imagining he can change Ayers' life, Lopez embarks on a quixotic mission to get him off the streets and back to the world of music. But even as he fights to save Ayers' life, he begins to see that it is Ayers--with his unsinkable passion, his freedom-loving obstinacy and his valiant attempts at connection and love--who is profoundly changing Lopez.	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Joe Wright	Susannah Grant	20090424	20090804	Despite being almost exclusively tailored to pluck at our emotional strings, The Soloist is an oddly uninvolving experience.	2.5/5	rotten	Anders Wotzke	0	Moviedex	20090908
A variety of crooks, losers, and working stiffs living in the shadow of Hollywood find their various personal crises overlapping in this intricately woven melodrama. Lee Woods (James Spader) is a cold-blooded hit man and Dosmo Pizzo (Danny Aiello) a soft-at-heart gangster; they've been sent to murder Roy Foxx (Peter Horton), the former husband of also-ran Olympic skier Becky Foxx (Teri Hatcher). Lee's girlfriend Helga (Charlize Theron) is unhappy about his habit of killing people, and she attracts the attention of Alvin (Jeff Daniels) and Wes (Eric Stoltz), two cops who've been put on vice detail but don't have the heart to bust the prostitute they've been trailing. Alvin dreams of becoming a homicide detective, so when he discovers that he might be on the trail of a murder, it's like Santa Claus showed up in mid-July to hand him a present. Dosmo manages to escape the crime scene, only to foil a murder attempt by Lee, forcing him to hide out in the home of Hopper, a pretentious English art dealer (Greg Cruttwell), whom Dosmo holds hostage along with Hopper's long-suffering assistant, Susan (Glenne Headly). In the midst of all this, a down-on-his-luck television director (Paul Mazursky) contemplates suicide (the main stumbling block is finding someone to take care of his dog) while also being pestered by an actor with equally bad luck (Austin Pendleton) and meeting a compassionate nurse (Marsha Mason) on a visit to a cemetery.	R	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Herzfeld	John Herzfeld	19960927	20010807	A genuinely human redemption story wrapped in a dark, violent thriller.	8/10	fresh	Scott Renshaw	0	rec.arts.movies.reviews	20000101
In this comedy thriller, set in northern California, inept but lovable pot farmers Jack Madsen (Billy Bob Thornton) and Carter (Hank Azaria) work for San Francisco entrepreneur Malcolm Stockman (John Lithgow), who arrives for a visit via copter. As soon as Malcolm steps out, the copter pilot shoots him and takes off, leaving the two aghast along with apprentice Harlan (Ryan Phillippe). Minus a boss, the naive trio deduces no paychecks are forthcoming, so they collect cannabis for a big payoff and head to the nearby town where they meet up with go-between Lucy (Kelly Lynch). However, their explanations of Malcolm's whereabouts and their sudden need to sell some of the crop arouse suspicions, while their lazy days on the dope farm have left them unprepared as businessmen seeking buyers for millions in contraband. They soon find themselves in a shadowy new world of greed, paranoia, and duplicity.	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Stephen Gyllenhaal	Nicholas Kazan|Stephen Gyllenhaal	19980101	19980901		2/5	rotten	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050712
American independent filmmaker Paul F. Ryan makes his feature debut with the psychological drama Home Room. The students of Valley High School try to get on with their lives in the aftermath of a traumatic school shooting in which nine students were killed. Even though the perpetrator is dead, the townspeople still want to find some answers. Detective Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) decides to interrogate high school student Alicia Browning (Busy Philipps), who was present during the attack. Because of her cynical attitude and dark fashion choices, she is viewed as a possible threat. Principal Robbins (James Pickens Jr.) sentences her to regular hospital visits with the pretty and popular Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen), who was seriously injured in the attack. Alicia and Deanna overcome their initial differences and develop a nurturing friendship with psychological help from Dr. Hollander (Holland Taylor).	R	Drama			20030905	20031014	Ryan's tough-minded little movie avoids any sort of sentimentality; nothing warm and fuzzy here, just honest emotions from two excellent young actresses.	3/5	fresh	Ken Fox	0	TV Guide	20030904
In this fourth Cheech and Chong adventure, the duo's view of humor, drugs, and sex are let loose in Amsterdam. Still Smokin' finds the two comedians arriving in the Netherlandish capital to go the city's first film festival, where they are mistaken for Dolly Parton and Burt Reynolds -- a sure sign that the festival and this film are doomed.	R	Comedy Horror Musical and Performing Arts	Tommy Chong	Tommy Chong|Cheech Marin	19830505	20001121		2/5	rotten	Nicolas Lacroix	0	Showbizz.net	20021214
On the eve of graduating law school, Veronica Mars has put Neptune and her amateur sleuthing days behind her. While interviewing at high-end New York law firms, Veronica Mars gets a call from her ex-boyfriend Logan who has been accused of murder. Veronica heads back to Neptune just to help Logan find an attorney, but when things don't seem right with how Logan's case is perceived and handled, Veronica finds herself being pulled back into a life she thought she had left behind. (c) Official Site	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20140314	20140506	It's effective as a sequel to the television series and works just as well as a stand-alone film.	3/4	fresh	Claudia Puig	1	USA Today	20140313
"""Into the Blue"" is a high-stakes thriller set in the deep, shark-infested waters of the Bahamas. When young divers discover the wreckage of a cargo plane at the bottom of the sea, they believe their dream of buried treasure has come true. What they don't realize is that millions of dollars of illegal goods are in that sunken plane and a group of dangerous criminals are already desperately searching for it. As tensions mount and the friends begin to fight about what to do with their find, others get closer to discovering their secret -- and the treasure hunters quickly become the hunted."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	John Stockwell	Matt Johnson	20050930	20051226		2/4	rotten		0	Hollywood.com	20051001
A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Like David O. Russell's previous films, American Hustle defies genre, hinging on raw emotion, and life and death stakes. (c) Sony	R	Drama			20131220	20140318	On the plus side of the ledger, Russell enables his cast to inhabit some colorful, downright transformative, characters.	2.1/2	fresh	Leonard Maltin	0	leonardmaltin.com	20131213
A man robbed of his name and his dignity strives to win them back, and gain the freedom of his people, in this epic historical drama from director Ridley Scott. In the year 180, the death of emperor Marcus Aurelius (Richard Harris) throws the Roman Empire into chaos. Maximus (Russell Crowe) is one of the Roman army's most capable and trusted generals and a key advisor to the emperor. As Marcus' devious son Commodus (Joaquin Phoenix) ascends to the throne, Maximus is set to be executed. He escapes, but is captured by slave traders. Renamed Spaniard and forced to become a gladiator, Maximus must battle to the death with other men for the amusement of paying audiences. His battle skills serve him well, and he becomes one of the most famous and admired men to fight in the Colosseum. Determined to avenge himself against the man who took away his freedom and laid waste to his family, Maximus believes that he can use his fame and skill in the ring to avenge the loss of his family and former glory. As the gladiator begins to challenge his rule, Commodus decides to put his own fighting mettle to the test by squaring off with Maximus in a battle to the death. Gladiator also features Derek Jacobi, Connie Nielsen, Djimon Hounsou, and Oliver Reed, who died of a heart attack midway through production.	R	Action and Adventure Classics Drama	Ridley Scott		20000505	20001121	Crowe and Phoenix are brilliant, as usual. The rest of the almost completely British cast are excellent, particularly with dialog that could have easily come out stilted or ridiculous.	4/5	fresh	Ron Wells	0	Film Threat	20021208
Written on the Wind is an excellent melodrama about a Texas oil family who drive themselves to ruin through lust and greed. Robert Stack plays a playboy heir to the oil dynasty who falls in love with Lauren Bacall, a beautiful gold-digger. Rock Hudson falls in love with Stack's nymphomaniac sister Dorothy Malone. The two relationships wreak havoc on the oil dynasty, resulting in a highly entertaining soap-opera kind of a movie.	NR	Classics Comedy Drama	Douglas Sirk	George Zuckerman	19570601	20010821	A spellbinding twisty story teeming with sexual frustration and whatnot.	A	fresh	Dennis Schwartz	0	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	20070120
Jim Jarmusch takes his quirky, uniquely modern sensibilities back in time, with this western black comedy about a city slicker turned gunfighter, on the run with an enigmatic Indian buddy in the Northwest wilderness.	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy Western	Jim Jarmusch	Jim Jarmusch	19950526	20010703		5/5	fresh	Linda Cook	0	Quad City Times (Davenport, IA)	20040224
The feature debut of Roman Coppola (son of Oscar-winning director Francis Ford Coppola) centers around an international film crew making a low-budget, Barbarella-like feature in Paris in 1969. The film is called Dragonfly and is being directed by Andrzej (G	R	Comedy Drama	Roman Coppola	Roman Coppola	20020524	20020910	...the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity.	4/10	rotten	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20020913
Originally Tokyo Monogatari, Yasujiro Ozu's Tokyo Story centers on a provincial Japanese family. The elderly parents and youngest daughter journey to Tokyo to visit their doctor son and his brood. Too busy for this onslaught of relatives, the callous, insensitive doctor packs his parents and sibling off to a resort, where they are unable to enjoy themselves due to the noise of the other tourists. The aging father locates some old drinking cronies, while the mother seeks out new friends. And so it goes, in Ozu's inimitable anecdotal fashion, until the tragic finale. A sensitive study of the frustrations and disillusionments accompanying the onslaught of old age (Ozu, incidentally, was only 51 at the time), Tokyo Story was completed in 1953, but not released in the U.S. until 1972.	G	Art House and International Drama	Yasujiro Ozu		19531103	20031030	Yasujiro Ozu was a master film-maker who specialised in middle-class family melodramas known in Japanese as shomin-geki, and this moving story is one of his finest achievements.	5/5	fresh	David Parkinson	0	Radio Times	20100105
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	Like an Edward Hopper painting sprung to life, its mood washes over you in an evocative mix of opulence and despair as it dizzyingly dances with the forbidden. 	A-	fresh	Al Alexander	0	The Patriot Ledger	20151226
In this drama, two U.S. Marines who stood side by side on the field of battle are reunited in a court of law. Attorney Hayes Hodges (Tommy Lee Jones) once aspired to a career as an officer, but a serious injury in Vietnam put an end to his military future, leaving him bitter and resentful. Col. Terry L. Childers (Samuel L. Jackson) fought alongside Hodges and once saved his life; when Childers is threatened with a court martial for ordering his troops to fire on civilians during a raid on an American embassy, Hodges is the only lawyer that he can trust, and the case gives Hodges a chance for revenge against the military system that he feels has wronged him. Rules of Engagement also features Kim Delaney, Ben Kingsley, Blair Underwood, and Anne Archer.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	William Friedkin	Stephen Gaghan	20000407	20001010	Whereas a TV version of the same material might flounder, this slick, big-budget film works because there is legitimate doubt as to both the level of guilt of the accused and the outcome of the trial.	2.5/4	fresh	Jon Niccum	0	Pitch.com	20021113
"DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" is a heart-breaking drama about fate, love, moral dilemmas and the lengths to which one couple will go to see their dreams realized. Starring Academy Award (R) and Golden Globe (R) nominee Michael Fassbender, Oscar (R) winner Alicia Vikander, Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Rachel Weisz, Bryan Brown and Jack Thompson, the film is written for the screen and directed by Derek Cianfrance based on the acclaimed novel by M.L. Stedman. The producers are Academy Award nominee David Heyman, p.g.a. and Jeffrey Clifford, p.g.a. with Tom Karnowski, Rosie Alison, Jeff Skoll and Jonathan King serving as executive producers. In the years following World War I, Tom Sherbourne (Michael Fassbender), a young veteran still numb from his years in combat, takes a job as lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, a remote island off the coast of Western Australia. As the island's sole inhabitant, he finds comfort in the monotony of the chores and the solitude of his surroundings. When he meets the daughter of the school's headmaster, Isabel Graysmark (Alicia Vikander), in the local town of Partageuse on the mainland, Tom is immediately captivated by her beauty, wit and passion, and they are soon married and living on the island. As their love flourishes, he begins to feel again, their happiness marred only by their inability to start a family, so when a rowboat with a dead man and infant girl mysteriously washes ashore, Isabel believes their prayers may have finally been answered. As a man of principle, Tom is torn between reporting the lost child and pleasing the woman he loves, and against his better judgment he agrees to let Isabel raise the child as their own, making a choice with devastating consequences. DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" opens in U.S. theaters on September 2nd."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Derek Cianfrance	Derek Cianfrance	20160902	20170124	The movie is wonderfully written, beautifully acted and gorgeously photographed. If only director and screenwriter Derek Cianfrance hadn't fallen so deeply in love with his own overlong, five-hankie script.	B	fresh	Michael Heaton	0	Cleveland Plain Dealer	20160902
Alex Browning, is embarking on a trip to Paris with his high school French class. In the plane's cabin, buckled-in and ready for take-off, Alex experiences a powerful premonition. He sees the plane explode in a fiery blaze moments after leaving the ground. Alex panics and insists that everyone get off the plane. In the melee than ensues, seven people including Alex, are forced to disembark the ill-fated aircraft. Back in the departure lounge, Alex and his friends Billy and Tod; Clear a young woman who instinctively heeded Alex's warning; Carter, whose derision of Alex's paranoia had him and his girlfriend Terry thrown off the plane; and Ms. Lewton, the teacher who volunteers to stay with the disembarking students, all watch as Alex's horrific premonition proves tragically accurate when the plane explodes in a catastrophic fireball. Ironically, even though Alex's intuition saves lives, after the crash he is plagued by both guilt and suspicion. Ominous portents of doom as well as the FBI, dog his every step. Alex comes to believe that somehow, he and the other survivors have briefly cheated death, but will not be able to evade their fate for very long. Clear befriends Alex, but no one, not even she, really believes his macabre theory -- not even as one by one, these fugitives from fate fall victim to the grim reaper.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	James Wong	James Wong|Jeffrey Reddick|Glen Morgan	20000317	20000926		2/5	rotten		0	Film Threat	20021208
Taken from Bram Stoker's last novel, Ken Russell adds his artistic flair to this campy horror comedy. While staying at the ancestral home of sisters Mary (Sammi Davis) and Eve Trent (Catherine Oxenberg), a Scottish archaeology student uncovers a skull of unknown origin. Angus Flint (Peter Capaldi) reveals his findings to the neighboring nobleman Lord James (Hugh Grant). The two connect the ancient legends of a dragon to a strange cult that worships a giant, ravenous subterranean white worm. The property of the Trent sisters is later revealed to have been built on the sight where ancient pagan rituals took place. Vampire vixen and cult-member Lady Silvia Marsh (Amanda Donohoe) lures victims to the white worm to feed on.	R	Art House and International Horror	Ken Russell	Ken Russell	19880101	19991019		2/4	rotten	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
"Action star Stephen Seagal teams up with comic actor Keenen Ivory Wayans in this thriller. Seagal plays detective Jack Cole. He has come to Los Angeles to bring a notorious serial killer to justice. The mysterious and somewhat mystical Cole is assisted by local cop Jim Campbell (Wayans). The press calls the killer ""The Family Man"" because he tends to kill entire families and then lay them out to mimic the crucifixion. Even before Cole and Campbell can begin their investigation, they must rush to a high school and stop a crazed young gunman from killing his peers. From him, the gumshoes are directed towards his wicked stepfather who plays a key role in the subsequent action."	R	Action and Adventure	John Gray	Kevin Brodbin	19961004	19970827		2/4	rotten	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20030316
Based on a Michael Crichton best-seller, Philip Kaufman's look at power, corruption and lies in Japanese-owned corporate America follows veteran-cop John Connor (Sean Connery) and his rookie partner Web Smith (Wesley Snipes) as they investigate the death of a prostitute whose body was found in the boardroom of a high-powered, Japanese-run Los Angeles conglomerate.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Philip Kaufman	David Mamet|Philip Kaufman|Michael Crichton|Michael Backes	19930730	20000620	Where the movie really stumbles is with co-writer/director Philip Kaufman's attempts to make it a conventional mystery-thriller. Kaufman simply doesn't have the slightest notion of how to make a conventional film of any kind.	2/4	rotten	Chris Hicks	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20000101
A follow-up to Spanish enfant terrible Pedro Almod	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20091120	20100316	Stylish Almodovar drama is too mature for teens.	3/5	fresh		0	Common Sense Media	20091120
Vin Diesel opted to not appear in the sequel to the film the shot him to stardom in the first place, The Fast and the Furious. With the character of Dominic Toretto out of the picture, 2 Fast 2 Furious concentrates exclusively on the latest exploits of undercover agent Brian O'Connor, played by Paul Walker. In addition, with director Rob Cohen passing, producers have added a dash of credibility to the sequel by hiring John Singleton to helm. What does completely remain from the first film is the presence of fast-living underground street-racing gangs. Moving from Los Angeles to Miami, O'Connor is looking to redeem himself after the events of the first movie, so he again goes undercover to infiltrate another group of thuggish car enthusiasts. This time around he's enlisted the help of ex-con Roman Pierce (Tyrese) and fellow agent Monica Celemente (Eva Mendes) to bring down Carter Verone (Cole Hauser), an importer/exporter who heads up a massive drug trafficking operation. Heading up the supporting cast are hip-hop stars Ludacris and Fabolous.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	John Singleton	Gary Scott Thompson|Derek Haas|Michael Brandt	20030606	20030930	If the souped up, day-glo cars could have driven themselves, the movie could easily have done without the actors.	2/5	rotten	Rick Kisonak	0	Film Threat	20030614
"A young robot with incredible powers, super strength, and the purest spirit on the planet discovers the joys of being human while embarking on a worldwide journey to discover his true potential in this animated update of Osamu Tezuka's classic anime story. Astro Boy (Freddie Highmore) is a young robot from futuristic Metro City. Created by a brilliant scientist named Tenma (Nicolas Cage), and powered by pure positive ""blue"" energy that gives him such abilities as x-ray vision, inhuman speed, and flight, the wide-eyed android longs to find his true place in the world. He sets out on an epic journey that brings him face to face with an underworld army of robots and some of the strangest creatures ever to walk the Earth, and along the way learns to experience human feelings and emotions. Astro Boy's remarkable mission of discovery is suddenly cut short, however, when he learns that his friends and family back in Metro City are in grave danger. As Astro Boy prepares to face off against his greatest adversary in order to save everything he cares most about, he realizes that only through victory will he finally discover what it takes to be a hero."	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	David Bowers	Timothy Hyde Harris|David Bowers|Timothy Harris	20091023	20100316	While Astro Boy might not exude the kind of originality we're used to seeing in Pixar films, it makes up for it with plenty of humor and charm.	3.5/5	fresh	Jason Zingale	0	Bullz-Eye.com	20100706
This Chinese saga chronicles 30 years in the life of a typical modern family. Their story begins in the 1940's in a tiny northern village. Fugui's wife Jiazhen leaves him when loses the family home while gambling with Long'er. In the late 40's Fugui has become a Nationalist soldier fighting Communists in the civil war. Beside him is longtime friend Chunsheng. Surrounded by death and carnage, Fugui soon grows up. He returns to his village after the war to find it communized. Long'er is executed for being a capitalist. The years pass. Each incident in the movie focuses upon Fugui and the political situation around him.	R	Art House and International Drama	Yimou Zhang	Lu Wei|Yu Hua	19941216	20030701	It rushes through history as if it were firemen rushing to a fire.	C+	rotten	Dennis Schwartz	0	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	20080215
"The second chapter in the ""Bourne Trilogy,"" based on Robert Ludlum's best-selling espionage novels, reaches the screen in this sequel to the 2002 thriller The Bourne Identity. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) has abandoned his life as a CIA assassin and has been traveling beneath the agency's radar, eventually reconnecting with Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente), the woman he loves. But Bourne is haunted by vivid dreams and troubling memories of his days as a killer, and he's not certain how much really happened and how much is a product of his imagination. When Bourne is led out of hiding by circumstances beyond his control, he must reconcile his past and present as he struggles to keep Marie out of harm's way and foil an international incident with dangerous consequences. The Bourne Supremacy also features Joan Allen as one of Bourne's superiors, while Julia Stiles and Brian Cox reprise their roles as intelligence agents from the first film."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Paul Greengrass	Tony Gilroy	20040723	20041207	A classy if over-caffeinated sequel.	3/4	fresh	Megan Lehmann	1	New York Post	20040723
Three divorced fathers struggle to bond with their children and to deal with their conflicting emotions about their ex-wives in this comedy drama. Dave and his ex get along pretty well, but since the divorce, he has become a bit of a rake and is loathe to commit to his new girl friend. Donny still pines for his ex, while Vic would like to see his former wife and her new lover die slow, painful deaths. The three men come together to discuss their new and past experiences. Although at first their stories are presented episodically, eventually their multi-layered lives converge on one chaotic night.	PG-13	Comedy	Sam Weisman		19940601	20050208	Lovely, just lovely....rewarding beyond belief	4/5	fresh	Clint Morris	0	Moviehole	20030427
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	The film is most successful when it's playing dress-up, less so when the comedy goes black, and worst off when it attempts melodrama.	C+	rotten	Esther Zuckerman	1	AV Club	20160922
In this witty and understated thriller, Gregg (Kelly Miller) has just hired on as a new office drone at a large and faceless corporate office. While Gregg has heard some curious rumors about his immediate predecessor and senses he hasn't been welcomed warmly by his co-workers, he doesn't think much of it until he stays late one evening and is locked into the building. As the night wears on, Gregg discovers his employers are looking for more than just hard work and the right attitude from their workers, resulting in a terrifying ordeal. The New Guy was the debut feature film from writer and director Bilge Ebiri.	PG	Comedy	Bilge Ebiri	Bilge Ebiri	20041110	20051129	An intriguing black comedy of the Office Space genre that rapidly descends into a Kafkaesque thriller.	2.5/4	fresh	Steve Rhodes	0	Internet Reviews	20030306
A follow-up to Spanish enfant terrible Pedro Almod	R	Art House and International Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20091120	20100316	Penelope Cruz is as hot as ever in Almodovar's noirish tale of raging jealousy.	B+	fresh	Harvey S. Karten	0	Compuserve	20090904
On the eve of graduating law school, Veronica Mars has put Neptune and her amateur sleuthing days behind her. While interviewing at high-end New York law firms, Veronica Mars gets a call from her ex-boyfriend Logan who has been accused of murder. Veronica heads back to Neptune just to help Logan find an attorney, but when things don't seem right with how Logan's case is perceived and handled, Veronica finds herself being pulled back into a life she thought she had left behind. (c) Official Site	PG-13	Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense			20140314	20140506	Until now, Veronica Mars has been that movie that got funded by that Internet site. Now, it's just a good mystery movie with snappy dialogue. That's an even nobler thing to be.	7.7/10	fresh	Chris Morgan	0	Paste Magazine	20140320
A recent college graduate, Barry B. Benson wants more out of life than the inevitable career that awaits him and every other worker in New Hive City--a job at Honex making honey. Barry jumps at the chance to venture out of the hive, and soon encounters a world beyond his wildest dreams. When Barry inadvertently meets a quirky florist named Vanessa, he breaks one of the cardinal rules of beedom--he talks to her. A friendship soon develops, and Barry gets a guided crash course in the ways of the human race. When he shockingly discovers that anyone can purchase honey right off the grocery store shelf, he realizes that his true calling is to stop this injustice and set the world right by suing the human race for stealing the bees' precious honey.	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family		Spike Feresten|Jerry Seinfeld|Barry Marder|Andy Robin|Chuck Martin|Tom Papa	20071102	20080311	Bee Movie doesn't touch the bar raised so high by Pixar, but it creates a little buzz of its own.	2.5/4	fresh	Moira MacDonald	1	Seattle Times	20071102
A gifted young singer-songwriter recruits the new kid in town to manage her fledgling rock band in this music-driven comedy starring Vanessa Anne Hudgens and Gaelan Connell. Charlotte Banks (Aly Michalka) has what it takes to be a true rock star, and with the battle of the bands approaching she's determined to win. Her chief opponent in the upcoming competition is none other than her egotistical ex-boyfriend Ben (Scott Porter). Ben may be cocky, but there's no denying his charisma when he takes the stage. With a little help from new arrival Will Burton (Connell), Charlotte's band begins to develop a unique sound and starts writing some original songs. Meanwhile, as Will and singer/guitarist Sa5m (Hudgeons) start to make a love connection, disaster strikes, and the band is forced to choose between conceding the competition or standing tall and finally living up to their true potential.	PG	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Todd Graff		20090814	20100316		3/5	fresh		0	Irish Times	20090814
What do you get when you mix fearless comedic genius with the latest box-office blockbusters? You guessed it. On April 14th, the Scary Movie gang is back with the most hilarious and irreverent installment yet	PG-13	Comedy	David Zucker	Craig Mazin|David Zucker	20060414	20060815	This franchise will never make the history books, but, you know, if they have to keep coming, this is probably the best of the lot, with more laughs than you might expect.	2/5	fresh	Jim Lane	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20060512
Ken Loach directs Sweet Sixteen, a gritty drama about a young man slowly succumbing to a life of crime. Liam (Martin Compson) hopes that his imprisoned mother (Michelle Coulter) will be free by his 16th birthday. Hoping to help his mother escape her abusive heroin-dealing boyfriend (Gary McCormack), Liam rats him out to the cops. Liam's sister, Chantelle (Annmarie Fulton), suggests that a new trailer park might be a better place for their mother to live. With the help of his best friend, Pinball (William Ruanne), Liam sells the boyfriend's supply in order to raise the money, but this gets him into trouble with gangsters whose turf he was selling in. Soon Liam is on the way up in the criminal world, but that success comes with a toll. The accents in this Scottish-set film are so thick that English subtitles are used throughout. Sweet Sixteen was screened in competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama	Ken Loach	Paul Laverty	20030516	20031007	Loach invests a level of exhilaration into his wayward youths that honours the halcyon highs of childhood even in the midst of privation and decay.	3.5/4	fresh	Walter Chaw	0	Film Freak Central	20021008
"It's 1969, and Elliot Tiber, a down-on-his-luck interior designer in Greenwich Village, New York, has to move back upstate to help his parents run their dilapidated Catskills motel, The El Monaco. The bank's about to foreclose; his father wants to burn the place down, but hasn't paid the insurance; and Elliot is still figuring how to come out to his parents. When Elliot hears that a neighboring town has pulled the permit on a hippie music festival, he calls the producers, thinking he could drum up some much-needed business for the motel. Three weeks later, half a million people are on their way to his neighbor's farm in White Lake, N.Y., and Elliot finds himself swept up in a generation-defining experience that would change his life, and American culture, forever. The film features a standout ensemble cast and songs from a score of '60s musical icons, including The Grateful Dead, The Doors, Jefferson Airplane and Country Joe and the Fish -- plus a new recording of ""Freedom"" from Richie Havens."	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Ang Lee	James Schamus	20090828	20091215	Their roles are played largely for easy laughs in James Schamus's script, which meanders in an echo of the freewheeling vibe of peace and love.	3/5	fresh	Andrew Collins	0	Radio Times	20091113
Seth MacFarlane directs, produces, co-writes and plays the role of the cowardly sheep farmer Albert in A Million Ways to Die in the West. After Albert backs out of a gunfight, his fickle girlfriend leaves him for another man. When a mysterious and beautiful woman rides into town, she helps him find his courage and they begin to fall in love. But when her husband, a notorious outlaw, arrives seeking revenge, the farmer must put his newfound courage to the test. Starring alongside MacFarlane are Oscar (R) winner Charlize Theron, Liam Neeson, Amanda Seyfried, Giovanni Ribisi, Sarah Silverman and Neil Patrick Harris. MacFarlane reunites many of the filmmakers behind Universal and MRC's hit film Ted including Scott Stuber (Bluegrass Films) and Jason Clark who produce, and Wellesley Wild and Alec Sulkin who co-wrote the script. (c)Universal	R	Comedy Western	Seth MacFarlane	Seth MacFarlane|Alec Sulkin|Wellesley Wild	20140530	20141007	Seth MacFarlane's comedy western boasts gags galore - some a lot cruder than others. But the hits outnumber the misses.	3/5	fresh	Philip Kemp	0	Total Film	20140530
Set in Washington, D.C., this comedy tells how a ditzy cocktail waitress (Goldie Hawn) becomes a highly professional and competent protocol official for the State Department.	PG	Comedy	Herbert Ross		19841221	20040601		3/5	fresh	Brian J. Arthurs	0	Beach Reporter (Southern California)	20021018
"AMERICAN PASTORAL follows Seymour ""Swede"" Levov, a legendary high school athlete, who grows up to marry a former beauty queen and inherits his father's business. Swede's seemingly perfect life shatters when his daughter rebels by becoming a revolutionary and committing a deadly act of political terrorism during the Vietnam War."	R	Drama	Ewan McGregor	John Romano	20161021	20170207	Ewan McGregor has been judged unworthy of adapting Philip Roth in the US. But his directorial debut is finely crafted, and powered by visceral emotion embodied in one of his best performances.	3/5	fresh	Nick Hasted	0	The Arts Desk	20161111
Justine is thirty years old and works as a discount store clerk in Texas. Deeply unhappy in her marriage to a man who is infertile because of a dope-smoking habit, Justine soon begins an affair with Holden, the store's newly hired cashier and becomes pregnant. Holden, who has serious issues of his own, steals money from the store's safe for the two of them to run away, but the plan is short-lived when it takes a tragic turn for the worse.	R	Comedy Drama	Miguel Arteta	Mike White	20020807	20030107	It boasts a superb cast and features an excellent performance from Jennifer Aniston.	4/5	fresh	Matthew Turner	0	ViewLondon	20030111
The film revolves around the story of a young man and woman who meet on a train and impulsively decide to get off at Vienna. With only one night ahead, the two spend their time exploring the city and getting to know each other, knowing that they have to eventually go their separate ways.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Richard Linklater	Richard Linklater|Kim Krizan	19950127	19991130		3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20000101
"It has been two decades since master filmmaker GEORGE A. ROMERO's zombies have stalked the screens of motion picture theaters. For years, fans around the world have been eagerly awaiting his return.And now that day is here.An all-new chapter of horror is about to begin...George A. Romero's Land of the Dead is the acclaimed director's long-awaited return to the genre he invented, beginning with the seminal Night of the Living Dead and continuing with Dawn of the Dead and Day of the Dead.In Romero's harrowing newest vision, the world (as humankind has known it) is merely a memory. In its place is the never-ending nightmare existence of us-the living-versus them-the ""walkers."" What's left of mankind is cordoned off behind the walls of a fortified city while the walking dead roam the vast wasteland beyond. The few wealthy and powerful try to maintain an illusion of life as it was, dwelling high above the city in the exclusive towers of Fiddler's Green, the last bastion of the ruling class. On the streets below, however, the remaining, less fortunate of the city's inhabitants eke out a hard-scrabble life, seeking what little solace they can in the vices available-gambling, flesh trade, drugs-anything that offers even a fleeting respite from the hell their lives have become.Both the lofty heights of Fiddler's Green and the demoralizing lows of the city below are lorded over by a handful of ruthless opportunists, led by Kaufman (DENNIS HOPPER), who keeps his hands in everything, from real estate to less above-board pursuits. To bring food and other essential supplies to the occupants of the city and to allow the Green's well-to-do to acquire the scarce luxury items to which they were once accustomed, a hardened group of mercenaries-headed by Riley (SIMON BAKER) and his second-in-command, Cholo (JOHN LEGUIZAMO)-run retrieval missions outside the city, protected by their massive armored vehicle, Dead Reckoning. Riley and Cholo, like Kaufman, are in it for the money, which they hope to use for their own escapes- Riley to the North, with promises of ""a world without fences"" and freedom, and Cholo to the luxury of Fiddler's Green, far away from the violent life he has known.While Kaufman and his employees concern themselves with commerce, life is changing both within and beyond the walls of the city. Unrest and anarchy are on the rise among the city's disenfranchised and outside, the army of the dead is changing, evolving, learning to organize and communicate.When Cholo commandeers Dead Reckoning, intent on extorting millions out of Kaufman and his cronies, Riley and his ragtag group-including Slack (ASIA ARGENTO) and Charlie (ROBERT JOY)-are called into action to stop Cholo and, in the process, protect the city and its population from the growing army of evolving zombies storming its weakening perimeter.Universal Pictures and Atmosphere Entertainment MM present A Mark Canton-Bernie Goldmann and Romero-Grunwald Production, in association with Wild Bunch: George A. Romero's Land of the Dead, starring Simon Baker, Dennis Hopper, Asia Argento, Robert Joy and John Leguizamo. Written and directed by Romero, the film is produced by MARK CANTON (Taking Lives), PETER GRUNWALD (Monkey Shines) and BERNIE GOLDMANN (Taking Lives).Joining Romero behind the camera are director of photography MIROSLAW BASZAK (Picture Claire), production designer ARV GREYWAL (upcoming 16 Blocks), editor MICHAEL DOHERTY (New Blood), costume designer ALEX KAVANAGH (upcoming Saw 2) and composers REINHOLD HEIL and JOHNNY KLIMEK (Shattered Glass). STEVE BARNETT, DENNIS E. JONES, RYAN KAVANAUGH and LYNWOOD SPINKS serve as executive producers. --"	R	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense			20050624	20051018	Land of the Dead may not be the 'masterpiece' its promoters claim, but it is the work of a master.	3/4	fresh	Gene Seymour	1	Newsday	20050623
For an awkward, self-conscious girl like Kiki, being the personal assistant to a beautiful mega-star like Gwen isn't easy. But when she dutifully accepts the task of helping Gwen and her estranged mega-star husband Eddie make it through one last public appearance masterminded by legendary press agent Lee Phillips, forever devoted Kiki finds that her job is about to get even harder. At first it seems her challenge is to keep the peace between Gwen and Eddie and their public image intact, but soon Kiki is faced with a more personal concern as her longtime friendship with Eddie begins to take a romantic turn.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Joe Roth	Donna Roth|Billy Crystal|Peter Tolan	20010720	20011113		1.5/5	rotten		0	Film Threat	20051206
When teens mysteriously develop powerful new abilities, they are declared a threat by the government and detained. Sixteen-year-old Ruby, one of the most powerful young people anyone has encountered, escapes her camp and joins a group of runaway teens seeking safe haven. Soon this newfound family realizes that, in a world in which the adults in power have betrayed them, running is not enough and they must wage a resistance, using their collective power to take back control of their future.	PG-13	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Jennifer Yuh Nelson	Chad Hodge	20180803	20181030	The Darkest Minds suffers from a run-of-the-mill quality that's woefully prevalent in all its various attributes...	2/4	rotten	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20180803
A handful of kids stranded without their parents is determined to make the most of a bad situation in this comedy. It's Christmas Eve, and Oliver Porter (Lewis Black), the passenger relations manager at a busy airport in the Midwest, is looking forward to spending Christmas in Hawaii with his wife after 15 years in a row working on the busy Yuletide holiday. However, fate conspires against him when a massive snowstorm sweeps in and all flights are canceled. Porter suddenly has to deal with a number of stranded passengers, including six tween-age kids who are each flying unaccompanied from one divorced parent to another -- spoiled little rich girl Grace (Gina Mantegna), geeky but likable Spencer (Dyllan Christopher), his pesky little sister Katy (Dominique Saldana), plus-size comic book fan Beef (Brett Kelly), grumpy tomboy Donna (Quinn Shephard), and bright but mischievous Charlie (Tyler James Williams). With his hands full and determined to make his way to the islands, Porter puts his assistant Zach Van Bourke (Wilmer Valderrama) in charge of the kids. Zach doesn't care for this assignment and the kids don't care for him, and before long they've escaped from the basement conference room where he's stashed them and turned the airport into their playground. Unaccompanied Minors also features Paget Brewster, Rob Corddry and Teri Garr.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Feig	Mya Stark|Jacob Meszaros	20061208	20070807	Unaccompanied Minors is packed with talent in front of and behind the camera, which makes its bland mediocrity even more unforgivable.	C	rotten	Nathan Rabin	1	AV Club	20061208
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	I saw something, but I'm not exactly sure what it was. One thing's likely: You've never seen a film like Black Snake Moan, and you won't see anything like it in the near future.	3/5	fresh	Bill Muller	1	Arizona Republic	20070301
Writer/director Rodrigo Garca (Nine Lives) teams with executive producer Alejandro Gonzlez Irritu to craft this drama highlighting the powerful bond between a mother and her son. It's been years since Karen (Annette Bening) gave her daughter, Elizabeth, up for adoption, and the decision to abandon her child has always haunted her. Upon meeting laid-back Paco (Jimmy Smits), Karen permits her anxiety and mistrust to get the best of her. On the surface it appears that Elizabeth (Naomi Watts) is none the worse for never knowing her biological mother; she's a fast-talking lawyer who's just landed a high-profile job at a firm fronted by Paul (Samuel L. Jackson), though her unsavory penchant for exploiting others is about to blow up in her face. Meanwhile, maternal-minded baker Lucy (Kerry Washington) longs to experience the joys of motherhood, eventually deciding that adoption is the best bet to start a family with her husband, Joseph (David Ramsey).	R	Drama			20100507	20101214	An excellent ensemble makes the most of a multi-strand female-centred film that drifts very close to melodrama as it explores various aspects of motherhood.	3.5/5	fresh	Rich Cline	0	Shadows on the Wall	20120105
"Now that Greg Focker is ""in"" with his soon-to-be in-laws, Jack and Dina Byrnes, it looks like smooth sailing for him and his fianc"	PG-13	Comedy	Jay Roach	Jim Herzfeld|John Hamburg	20041222	20050426	Fockers has the combined subtlety of a libido-mad bull elephant and a bad case of flatulence in church, but that's the kind of movie it is. 	3.5/5	fresh	Ken Hanke	0	Mountain Xpress (Asheville, NC)	20050107
Model-turned-actress Charlize Theron leaves her glamorous image behind for this gritty drama, in which she plays a disturbed prostitute who becomes a serial killer. Aileen Wuornos (Theron) was a woman who survived a brutal and abusive childhood in Michigan to become a thick-skinned but emotionally damaged adult. Homeless most of her life, Wuornos subsisted by working as a street prostitute; later, when she was in Florida, down to her last five dollars and pondering suicide, she stopped into a bar for a beer. There, Aileen met Selby Wall (Christina Ricci), a woman in her early twenties who had been sent to live with relatives after her Christian parents became aware of her lesbian lifestyle. Selby is immediately attracted to Aileen, and while Aileen tells Selby she's never been in a lesbian relationship, she soon finds herself equally infatuated with her. Selby runs away from her family and moves into a cheap hotel with Aileen, who initially pays the bills by hooking. However, as their money runs low and Aileen finds herself unable to land a regular job, tensions mount between the two. One night, after a john attacks her, Aileen pulls a gun and kills the man. Although her first murder can be categorized as self-defense, Aileen's loathing for the men who pay her for sex becomes so extreme that she begins killing her customers regardless of their behavior. Meanwhile, Selby slowly becomes aware of the full extent of her lover's instability and the bloody consequences of her actions. Monster was inspired by the true story of Aileen Wuornos, whose life and death was chronicled in two documentaries by filmmaker Nick Broomfield, Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer, and Aileen: The Life and Death of a Serial Killer.	R	Drama	Patty Jenkins	Patty Jenkins	20040109	20040601	It's hard to say how much of the paunchy Wuornos is actually Theron and how much of it is prosthetic.	3/4	fresh	Duane Dudek	0	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	20040122
From ancient Japan's most enduring tale, the epic 3D fantasy-adventure 47 Ronin is born. Keanu Reeves leads the cast as Kai, an outcast who joins Oishi (Hiroyuki Sanada), the leader of 47 outcast samurai. Together they seek vengeance upon the treacherous overlord who killed their master and banished their kind. To restore honor to their homeland, the warriors embark upon a quest that challenges them with a series of trials that would destroy ordinary warriors. 47 Ronin is helmed by visionary director Carl Erik Rinsch (The Gift). Inspired by styles as diverse as Miyazaki and Hokusai, Rinsch will bring to life the stunning landscapes and enormous battles that will display the timeless Ronin story to global audiences in a way that's never been seen before. -- (C) Universal	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Carl Erik Rinsch	Chris Morgan|Hossein Amini	20131225	20140401	Dull, faltering fantasy/action feature that might work better as a video game.	4/10	rotten	Susan Granger	0	SSG Syndicate	20131229
The Kid Stays in the Picture director Brett Morgen turns his unique eye toward the infamous 1968 Democratic National Convention in this 2006 documentary. Using a star-studded voice cast along with a blend of archival footage and animation, Morgen tells the story of the eight demonstrators who were arrested and tried for conspiracy in the wake of the violent anti-war protests. Featuring the voices of Nick Nolte and Mark Ruffalo among others, Chicago 10 premiered at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival.	R	Animation Documentary Drama	Brett Morgen	Brett Morgen	20080227	20080826	The Heavy Metal of anti-war docs.	8.5/10	fresh	Edward Douglas	0	ComingSoon.net	20070118
A young man and his pals rule supreme at their local roller-skating rink, but when the doors close, the boys venture into foreign territory -- uptown's Sweetwater Roller Rink, complete with over-the-top skaters and beautiful girls. Through his preparation for the roller-showdown of the season, the young man manages to find himself and also help his struggling dad get back on track.	PG-13	Comedy Drama			20050923	20051213	The end of the dismal summer movie season couldn't have been blessed with a more satisfying coda than the rollicking, funny, relentlessly cheery and genuinely touching spirit that makes Roll Bounce a captivating delight from start to finish.	3/4	fresh	Ted Fry	1	Seattle Times	20050923
In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its centuries-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a small community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind--a way Quinn's never seen done.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Rob Bowman	Terry Hayes|Kevin Peterka|Gregg Chabot|Matthew Greenberg|Matt Greenberg	20020712	20021119	...McConaughey goes for broke and turns this guy into an amalgam of every hard-nosed soldier previously committed to celluloid.	2.5/4	fresh	David Nusair	0	Reel Film Reviews	20030801
In this family-friendly comedy drama, Walter (Haley Joel Osment) is a shy and bookish boy just short of his teens whose mother impulsively decides to leave him for the summer with his eccentric grand-uncles, Hub (Robert Duvall) and Garth (Michael Caine). Walter isn't especially happy about being left in the middle of Texas with two old men, while Hub and Garth aren't too pleased to be stuck minding a boy, especially one who isn't accustomed to hunting, fishing, or firearms. When Walter starts hearing local gossip about his uncles' wild and wooly pasts, he begins asking a few questions, and while Hub and Garth don't enjoy having the boy poking into their pasts, as they start telling tales of their youthful adventures, they find themselves itching for some new adventures in their lives. Soon Walter is a semi-willing accomplice as his elderly guardians rediscover the wild, impulsive spirit of youth. Secondhand Lions was produced in part by the well-respected visual effects house Digital Domain, who also helped create the imagery for the film's flashback sequences.	PG	Comedy Drama Kids and Family	Tim McCanlies	Tim McCanlies	20030919	20040203	A gentle and sweet whimsy.	3/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20030919
Director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) helmed this sci-fi thriller inspired by the stories in Isaac Asimov's nine-story anthology of the same name. In the future presented in the film, humans have become exceedingly dependent on robots in their everyday lives. Robots have become more and more advanced, but each one is preprogrammed to always obey humans and to, under no circumstances, ever harm a human. So, when a scientist turns up dead and a humanoid robot is the main suspect, the world is left to wonder if they are as safe around their electronic servants as previously thought. Will Smith stars as Del Spooner, the robot-hating Chicago cop assigned to the murder investigation. Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, and Chi McBride also star.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Alex Proyas	Akiva Goldsman|Jeff Vintar	20040716	20041214	Far from perfect, but it's entertaining, well-executed and definately worth a look.	7	fresh	Joe Utichi	0	FilmFocus	20040801
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	Logan Lucky follows the classic structure of the Heist Movies... [Full review in Spanish]	3/5	fresh		0		20171020
Patrick Bateman is young, white, beautiful, ivy leagued, and indistinguishable from his Wall Street colleagues. Shielded by conformity, privilege, and wealth, Bateman is also the ultimate serial killer, roaming freely and fearlessly. His murderous impulses are fueled by zealous materialism and piercing envy when he discovers someone else has acquired more than he has. After a colleague presents a business card superior in ink and paper to his, Bateman's blood thirst sharpens, and he steps up his homicidal activities to a frenzied pitch. Hatchets fly, butcher knives chop, chainsaws rip, and surgical instruments mutilate-how far will Bateman go? How much can he get away with?	R	Comedy Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Mary Harron	Mary Harron|Guinevere Turner	20000414	20000905	Bale's achievement is in suggesting far more dimensions than his character would ever admit to having.	3.5/4	fresh	Michael Dequina	0	TheMovieReport.com	20000101
It's 1969. The conflict in Viet Nam has exploded to immeasurable proportions, and 18-year-old Dean Hills number is up. Dean's brother Eric, who has already seen his share of combat, plans to take Dean to enlist in his beloved Marine Corps in hopes of keeping an eye on him rather than letting him take his chances at the local induction center. But Dean's plans do not coincide with his older brothers. Instead, he plans to confront Eric about dodging the draft after the boys and their respective girlfriends, Bailey and Chrissie, head across Texas for a final fling of serious fun. Soon after their journey begins, the spirited foursome is spooked by a menacing pair of bikers, Holden and his girlfriend, Alex. When Alex chases the group's jeep, propelling them into a serious accident, Chrissie is thrown from the vehicle. As Alex attempts to rob the injured trio, Sheriff Hoyt arrives on the scene and turns the tables on their would-be assassin. While Chrissie hides in the nearby brush, she watches as the sheriff kills Alex in cold blood and then inexplicably taunts her friends before ordering them into the back of the patrol car. Unbeknownst to Chrissie, Hoyt is headed back to the Hewitt family home where Thomas who is being groomed to become the terrifying monster known as Leatherface and the rest of the Hewitt clan await.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Jonathan Liebesman	Sheldon Turner	20061006	20070116	...the same time our government debates torture...our movie industry produces another heinous horror flick that centers on the cruel and unusual punishment of captive humans.	0/4	rotten	Josh Larsen	0	Sun Publications (Chicago, IL)	20061005
In Skyfall, Bond's loyalty to M is tested as her past comes back to haunt her. As MI6 comes under attack, 007 must track down and destroy the threat, no matter how personal the cost. -- (C) Official Site	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Sam Mendes	John Logan|Robert Wade|Neal Purvis	20121109	20130311	As the James Bond film franchise continues to get a vigorous shaking, consider this critic sufficiently stirred.	3.5/4	fresh	Brad Keefe	0	Columbus Alive	20151004
"Ed Wood was a little known film-maker from the early 1950's who gained posthumous notoriety for his dreadful B-grade science fiction films in the mid-'80s. This film is producer/director Tim Burton's fictionalized portrait of Wood's strange, yet mediocre life and career. Burton filmed ""Ed Wood"" in black and white to recreate the atmosphere of Wood's films. The film primarily focuses on three aspects of Wood's life, his transvestism, his relationships with his oddball casts and crew as he tried to make his films on shoestring budgets, and his friendship with aging horror-movie great Bela Lugosi whom he tried to help."	R	Comedy Drama	Tim Burton	Scott Alexander|Larry Karaszewski	19940928	20020813	Bizarrely amusing.	4/5	fresh	Christopher Null	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
1967-1976 As one of history's greatest fashion designers entered a decade of freedom, neither came out of it in one piece.(C) Sony Classics	R	Art House and International Drama Special Interest	Bertrand Bonello	Bertrand Bonello|Thomas Bidegain	20150508	20150922	It's said that one must suffer to be beautiful. Thrilling in places, self-indulgent in others, Saint Laurent strongly suggests that one must suffer to make others beautiful.	3.5/5	fresh	Lisa Nesselson	0	sbs.com.au	20141016
Sarah Jessica Parker, Greg Kinnear, Pierce Brosnan, Olivia Munn and Christina Hendricks star in I Don't Know How She Does It, a comedy from director Douglas McGrath (Emma, Infamous) and producer Donna Gigliotti (The Reader, Let Me In). Based on the critically acclaimed bestseller by Allison Pearson, I Don't Know How She Does It follows a Boston-based working mother trying desperately to juggle marriage, children, and a high-stress job. -- (C) Weinstein	PG-13	Comedy	Douglas McGrath	Aline Brosh McKenna	20110916	20120103	This is the cinematic equivalent of comfort food. It goes down easy and may not be the most nutritious meal, but if you're in the mood for it, nothing else will do. 	2.5/5	rotten	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	New England Movies Weekly	20110917
The film tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela joined forces with the captain of South Africa's rugby team to help unite their country. Newly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.	PG-13	Drama Sports and Fitness	Clint Eastwood	Anthony Peckham	20091211	20100518	A solid but flawed film--Freeman's charmingly disarming portrayal keeps it real.	B	fresh	Bruce Bennett	0	Spectrum (St. George, Utah)	20100201
"The third installment of director Edgar Wright's trilogy of comedies starring Simon Pegg and Nick Frost, following the successes ""Shaun of the Dead"" (2004) and ""Hot Fuzz"" (2007). In ""The World's End,"" 20 years after attempting an epic pub crawl, five childhood friends reunite when one of them becomes hellbent on trying the drinking marathon again. They are convinced to stage an encore by Gary King (Simon Pegg), a 40-year-old man trapped at the cigarette end of his teens, who drags his reluctant pals to their hometown and once again attempts to reach the fabled pub - The World's End. As they attempt to reconcile the past and present, they realize the real struggle is for the future, not just theirs but humankind's. Reaching The World's End is the least of their worries. (c) Focus Features"	R	Comedy	Edgar Wright	Edgar Wright|Simon Pegg	20130823	20131119	Pegg and Wright's movies laugh, bleed and explode in the face of maturity, even as they begrudgingly recognize the virtue of it.	3.5/4	fresh	Josh Larsen	0	LarsenOnFilm	20130822
Director James L. Brooks returns to the helm for this ensemble comedy starring Reese Witherspoon, Jack Nicholson, Paul Rudd, and Owen Wilson, which centers on the story of a passionate athlete who finds herself romantically torn between a narcissistic baseball star and a straight-laced businessman. As far back as Lisa (Witherspoon) can remember, her life has been defined by sports. Then, in the blink of an eye, she's cut from the team. With her identity in crisis as she attempts to regain her footing in life, Lisa begins dating Matty (Wilson), a Major League Baseball pitcher and notorious womanizer. Meanwhile, terminally honest businessman George (Rudd) finds himself on the road to financial ruin or worse after being wrongly implicated in a financial crime. As George struggles to clear his name and reconcile his turbulent relationship with his father, Charles (Nicholson), a chance meeting with Lisa at the lowest point in both of their lives leaves him optimistic that things may work out after all. Meanwhile, Lisa and George both realize that the only thing that's certain about the future is that we never know what fate has in store for us.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance			20101217	20110322	Sitting in the theater, my affection was definitely on-again, off-again at best. But in the end, the good times, which were fantastic, won me over.	2.5/4	fresh	Cathy Jakicic	0	Milwaukee Journal Sentinel	20101216
The film follows the second Earl of Rochester's adventures in London, from his passionate romance with a young actress, Elizabeth Barry, to the writing of a scurrilous play which blisteringly and bawdily lampoons the very monarch who commissioned it, Charles II, leading to the Earl's banishment and eventual downfall.	R	Drama	Laurence Dunmore	Stephen Jeffreys	20060310	20060704	This is the kind of film that Depp loves, understands, and unfurls his nastiest acting regalia for.	3.5/5	fresh	Jules Brenner	0	Cinema Signals	20051104
British writer Guy Ritchie made his feature directorial debut with this crime-caper comedy-drama set in London's East End and heavy on the Cockney dialogue (with one scene in subtitled Cockney rhyming slang). A big-bucks scheme goes awry: Cardsharp Eddy (Nick Moran) and pals Bacon (Jason Statham), Tom (Jason Flemyng), and Soap (Dexter Fletcher) scuffle to pile up enough money to put Eddy at the card table opposite gangland porn lord Hatchet Harry (P.H. Moriarty). Unfortunately, the whole plan backfires, leaving Eddy owing Harry a huge sum, payable within the week. In truth, Harry hopes to acquire the bar run by his rival, J.D. (Sting), who is Eddy's father. To raise the cash, Eddy sets out to steal from a marijuana business run by Winston (Steven Mackintosh), but the inevitable gunplay doesn't make for an easy heist. World premiere at the 1998 Edinburgh Film Festival (Focus on British Cinema).	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama Mystery and Suspense	Guy Ritchie	Guy Ritchie	19990305	19990831	Fans of Quentin Tarantino's Pulp Fiction and Jackie Brown are in for a treat.	3/4	fresh	Judith Egerton	0	Courier-Journal (Louisville, KY)	20040622
The modern world holds many secrets, but the most astounding secret of all is that witches still live amongst us; vicious supernatural creatures intent on unleashing the Black Death upon the world. Armies of witch hunters battled the unnatural enemy across the globe for centuries, including KAULDER, a valiant warrior who managed to slay the all-powerful QUEEN WITCH, decimating her followers in the process. In the moments right before her death, the QUEEN curses KAULDER with her own immortality, forever separating him from his beloved wife and daughter in the afterlife. Today KAULDER is the only one of his kind remaining, and has spent centuries hunting down rogue witches, all the while yearning for his long-lost loved ones. However, unbeknownst to KAULDER, the QUEEN WITCH is resurrected and seeks revenge on her killer causing an epic battle that will determine the survival of the human race. (C) Summit	PG-13	Action and Adventure Science Fiction and Fantasy	Breck Eisner	Matt Sazama|Burk Sharpless|Cory Goodman	20151023	20160202	The only thing The Last Witch Hunter will successfully eradicate is insomnia.	D+	rotten	Kyle Anderson	1	Entertainment Weekly	20151022
The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is the first film in Columbia Pictures' three-picture adaptation of Stieg Larsson's literary blockbuster The Millennium Trilogy. Directed by David Fincher and starring Daniel Craig and Rooney Mara, the film is based on the first novel in the trilogy, which altogether have sold 50 million copies in 46 countries and become a worldwide phenomenon. -- (C) Sony	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Fincher	Steven Zaillian	20111220	20120320	[H]ow else are you going to tap into that lucrative market consisting of folks who read the books but are too lazy to read subtitles?	3/5	fresh	Pete Vonder	0	Houston Press	20111224
In the early evening of August 21, 2015, the world watched in stunned silence as the media reported a thwarted terrorist attack on Thalys train	PG-13	Drama	Clint Eastwood	Dorothy Blyskal	20180209	20180522	The action sequence on the train is truly remarkable, and Eastwood shoots with a documentary-style immediacy, but the surrounding film - especially the script and performances - doesn't serve this thrilling true-life story, or the audience. 	2/4	rotten	Katie Walsh	1	Tribune News Service	20180209
Wrongfully convicted for a hold-up, a war vet sentenced to a chain gang escapes and builds a new, respectable existence, only to realize he can never be free of his past. This classic, still-powerful reality-based indictment of the Depression-era prison system is the peak of Warner's 1930s school of social realism.	NR	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Mervyn Le Roy	Sheridan Gibney|Brown Holmes	19321119	20050510	There's enough here to make I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang worthwhile, but its problems are deep enough to keep it a long way from sniffing greatness.	5	fresh	Gabe Leibowitz	0	Film and Felt	20100227
Ever since his wife was burned in a car crash, Dr. Robert Ledgard, an eminent plastic surgeon, has been interested in creating a new skin with which he could have saved her. After twelve years, he manages to cultivate a skin that is a real shield against every assault. In addition to years of study and experimentation, Robert needed a further three things: no scruples, an accomplice and a human guinea pig. Scruples were never a problem. Marilia, the woman who looked after him from the day he was born, is his most faithful accomplice. And as for the human guinea pig...-- (C) Sony	R	Art House and International Drama Mystery and Suspense			20111014	20120306	It's overly complex, yet Almidivar somehow finds a way to wrangle the beast in... the full work of art is stunning.	4/5	fresh	Brad Miska	0	Bloody Disgusting	20110910
From writer/director David Koepp (Stir of Echoes) comes this filmed adaptation of Stephen King's novella Secret Window, Secret Garden, one of four stories in the collection Four Past Midnight. Johnny Depp stars as Mort Rainey, a recently divorced author who decides to take some time off at his cottage. Unfortunately for Rainey, John Shooter (John Turturro), an unbalanced wannabe writer, tracks him down, claiming that Rainey plagiarized his work. Also starring Maria Bello, Charles S. Dutton, and Timothy Hutton, Secret Window is the second story from Four Past Midnight to be adapted as a film, the first being 1995's made-for-television The Langoliers.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Koepp	David Koepp	20040312	20040622	You can thank Johnny Depp and Johnny Depp alone for any enjoyment you get out of this film. 	C+	rotten	Audrey Rock-Richardson	0	Tooele Transcript-Bulletin (Utah)	20040312
Director Alex Proyas (Dark City, The Crow) helmed this sci-fi thriller inspired by the stories in Isaac Asimov's nine-story anthology of the same name. In the future presented in the film, humans have become exceedingly dependent on robots in their everyday lives. Robots have become more and more advanced, but each one is preprogrammed to always obey humans and to, under no circumstances, ever harm a human. So, when a scientist turns up dead and a humanoid robot is the main suspect, the world is left to wonder if they are as safe around their electronic servants as previously thought. Will Smith stars as Del Spooner, the robot-hating Chicago cop assigned to the murder investigation. Bridget Moynahan, Bruce Greenwood, James Cromwell, and Chi McBride also star.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Alex Proyas	Akiva Goldsman|Jeff Vintar	20040716	20041214	A CGI-laced action movie cum merchandising opportunity, warped into insensate silliness by the pop-iconic demands of Smith's megabucks macho action-hero persona and peppered with stock cop-on-the- edge action-movie situations.	1/5	rotten	Geoff Pevere	1	Toronto Star	20040716
A misplaced sausage and his savory friends embark on an existential adventure through the aisles of a massive supermarket in this raunchy animated comedy from Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg. As the store's annual 4th of July sale draws near, the perishable pals must return to their rightful places on the shelves before the customers come flooding in to fill their carts. Conrad Vernon (Monsters vs. Aliens) takes the helm for this Sony Pictures/AnnaPurna Pictures co-production penned by Rogen, Goldberg, Kyle Hunter, and Ariel Shaffirwhich.	R	Animation Comedy	Conrad Vernon|Greg Tiernan	Kyle Hunter|Ariel Shaffir|Seth Rogen|Evan Goldberg	20160812	20161108	I like that it's willing to engage in a controversial statement even if it doesn't have all the ammunition it needs to back up its stance.	4/5	fresh	Matt Goldberg	0	Collider	20160811
"This offbeat romantic comedy has some rather dark underpinnings that add, rather than detract from the fun. It is the story of Lucy, an extremely lonely young woman who works as a toll-taker for the Chicago Transit Authority. She is secretly in love with a handsome stranger in a camel-hair coat who passes by her every day but never even says hello to her. Just before Christmas, she is at work when she sees her ""love"" pushed, mugged and shoved off the train platform. Without hesitation she leaps down to pull the unconscious fellow out of the path of a speeding train. Later in the hospital, a series of complex misunderstandings occur and the woman is mistaken for the man's fiancee. As he is deeply comatose, Lucy goes along with it, much to the delight of the man's loud, dysfunctional family. Lucy has no real family, and she is happy to be a part of his strange brood. To make sure she stays, she decides to take certain liberties with her sleeping husband-to-be. Meanwhile, she and the patient's brother find themselves drawn to each other."	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Jon Turteltaub		19950421	19980203	It's a long and frustrating wait, but While You Were Sleeping delivers all you can ask of a romantic comedy: the deluxe payoff.	3/4	fresh	Stephen Hunter	0	Baltimore Sun	20131204
Imagine the end of the world. Now imagine something worse. Award-winning filmmaker Trey Edward Shults follows his incredible debut feature KRISHA with IT COMES AT NIGHT, a horror film following a man (Joel Edgerton) as he learns that the evil stalking his family home may be only a prelude to horrors that come from within. Secure within a desolate home as an unnatural threat terrorizes the world, the tenuous domestic order he has established with his wife and son is put to the ultimate test with the arrival of a desperate young family seeking refuge. Despite the best intentions of both families, paranoia and mistrust boil over as the horrors outside creep ever-closer, awakening something hidden and monstrous within him as he learns that the protection of his family comes at the cost of his soul.	R	Drama Horror	Trey Edward Shults	Trey Edward Shults	20170609	20170912	The decisions the characters make throughout the film are deeply rooted in who they are, not strictly because this disease forces them to make that choice, and that makes It Comes At Night an all-consuming and deeply disturbing film.	4.5/5	fresh	Perri Nemiroff	0	Collider	20170508
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	Logan Lucky is delightful entertainment.	3.5/5	fresh	Joanne Soh	0	The New Paper (Singapore)	20170919
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	Surely Winslet can find better roles than this.	1/5	rotten	Peter Bradshaw	0	Guardian	20151119
"The second chapter in the ""Bourne Trilogy,"" based on Robert Ludlum's best-selling espionage novels, reaches the screen in this sequel to the 2002 thriller The Bourne Identity. Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) has abandoned his life as a CIA assassin and has been traveling beneath the agency's radar, eventually reconnecting with Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente), the woman he loves. But Bourne is haunted by vivid dreams and troubling memories of his days as a killer, and he's not certain how much really happened and how much is a product of his imagination. When Bourne is led out of hiding by circumstances beyond his control, he must reconcile his past and present as he struggles to keep Marie out of harm's way and foil an international incident with dangerous consequences. The Bourne Supremacy also features Joan Allen as one of Bourne's superiors, while Julia Stiles and Brian Cox reprise their roles as intelligence agents from the first film."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Paul Greengrass	Tony Gilroy	20040723	20041207	Exciting, emotionally layered and brimming with invention.	4/5	fresh	Chris Hewitt	0	Empire Magazine	20040813
"Meet the kid who made ""wimpy"" cool in a family comedy based on the best-selling illustrated novel Diary of a Wimpy Kid by Jeff Kinney, the first in a series that has thus far sold 24 million copies. ""Diary of a Wimpy Kid"" chronicles the adventures of wise-cracking pre-teen Greg Heffley, who must somehow survive the scariest time of anyone's life: middle school."	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Thor Freudenthal	Jackie Filgo|Jeff Filgo|Gabe Sachs|Jeff Judah	20100319	20100803	A litany of humiliations befalls the protagonist, fitting given that this adaptation of Jeff Kinney's popular kids-lit series is itself a minor embarrassing misfire.	2/4	rotten	Nick Schager	0	Slant Magazine	20100317
The film tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela joined forces with the captain of South Africa's rugby team to help unite their country. Newly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.	PG-13	Drama Sports and Fitness	Clint Eastwood	Anthony Peckham	20091211	20100518	Simpliflies complicated South African issues to the level of a Berenstain Bears storybook.	2/4	rotten	Matt Brunson	0	Creative Loafing	20091216
On the morning of his re-election, the President decides to read the newspaper for the first time in four years. This starts him down a slippery slope. He begins reading obsessively, reexamining his black and white view of the world, holing up in his bedroom in his pajamas. Frightened by the President's apparent nervous breakdown, his Chief of Staff pushes him back into the spotlight, booking him as a guest judge on the television ratings juggernaut (and the President's personal fave), the weekly talent show American Dreamz. America can't seem to get enough of American Dreamz, hosted by self-aggrandizing, self-loathing Martin Tweed, ever on the lookout for the next insta-celebrity. His latest crop of hopefuls includes Sally, a conniving steel magnolia with a devoted, dopey veteran boyfriend, and Omer, a recent Southern Californian immigrant (who just happens to be a bumbling, show tune singing, would-be terrorist awaiting activation). When both Sally and Omer make it to the final round of Dreamz -- where the President will be judging along with Tweed -- the stage is set for a show the nation will never forget.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Paul Weitz	Paul Weitz	20060421	20061003	Paul Weitz's satirical farce gets the details right while missing the big picture.	2/4	rotten	Maitland McDonagh	0	TV Guide	20060421
HITCHCOCK is a love story about one of the most influential filmmakers of the last century, Alfred Hitchcock and his wife and partner Alma Reville. The film takes place during the making of Hitchcock's seminal movie Psycho.	PG-13	Drama	Sacha Gervasi		20121123	20130312	I enjoyed this inside look at how Psycho became Hitchcock's biggest hit, but I can't imagine how anyone who hasn't studied Hitchcock would find much of interest in it.	2/4	rotten	Lori Hoffman	0	Atlantic City Weekly	20121226
"DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" is a heart-breaking drama about fate, love, moral dilemmas and the lengths to which one couple will go to see their dreams realized. Starring Academy Award (R) and Golden Globe (R) nominee Michael Fassbender, Oscar (R) winner Alicia Vikander, Academy Award and Golden Globe winner Rachel Weisz, Bryan Brown and Jack Thompson, the film is written for the screen and directed by Derek Cianfrance based on the acclaimed novel by M.L. Stedman. The producers are Academy Award nominee David Heyman, p.g.a. and Jeffrey Clifford, p.g.a. with Tom Karnowski, Rosie Alison, Jeff Skoll and Jonathan King serving as executive producers. In the years following World War I, Tom Sherbourne (Michael Fassbender), a young veteran still numb from his years in combat, takes a job as lighthouse keeper on Janus Rock, a remote island off the coast of Western Australia. As the island's sole inhabitant, he finds comfort in the monotony of the chores and the solitude of his surroundings. When he meets the daughter of the school's headmaster, Isabel Graysmark (Alicia Vikander), in the local town of Partageuse on the mainland, Tom is immediately captivated by her beauty, wit and passion, and they are soon married and living on the island. As their love flourishes, he begins to feel again, their happiness marred only by their inability to start a family, so when a rowboat with a dead man and infant girl mysteriously washes ashore, Isabel believes their prayers may have finally been answered. As a man of principle, Tom is torn between reporting the lost child and pleasing the woman he loves, and against his better judgment he agrees to let Isabel raise the child as their own, making a choice with devastating consequences. DreamWorks Pictures' ""The Light Between Oceans"" opens in U.S. theaters on September 2nd."	PG-13	Drama Romance	Derek Cianfrance	Derek Cianfrance	20160902	20170124	While it is well acted and well written, the execution does sometimes have a Hallmark-Movie-of-the-Week feel to it, heavy on the portentous drama and intrusive score.	3.5/5	fresh	Tim Martain	0	The Mercury	20161103
A woman is forced to prove her own sanity to save the life of her daughter in this taut thriller. Kyle Pratt (Jodie Foster) is a successful aircraft designer who has recently been dealing with the traumatic death of her husband. After traveling to Berlin on business with her six-year-old daughter, Julia (Marlene Lawston), Kyle falls asleep on their flight back to New York, only to discover that her daughter has gone missing. While not knowing where Julia has gone is troubling enough, even more disturbing is the insistence by sky marshal Gene Carson (Peter Sarsgaard) and Captain Rich (Sean Bean) that no records indicate that the child ever boarded the jet. As Kyle becomes increasingly desperate to find her daughter, she must prove to the men in charge that her daughter did in fact board the plane with her, and that this turn of events is not a product of her imagination. But if Julia has gone missing, who has taken her and why? Also starring Erika Christensen and Kate Beahan, Flightplan was the first English-language feature from German director Robert Schwentke.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Robert Schwentke		20050923	20060124	As plane-based suspense thrillers go, Flightplan has a smooth take off and cruises along nicely for a while, but it hits a rocky patch of turbulence in the third act and goes into a fatal tailspin. 	3/5	fresh	Matthew Turner	0	ViewLondon	20051206
To make waves on the campaign trail, a late-night political talkshow host runs for president--only to have his prank backfire when he actually wins the election.	PG	Comedy Television	Barry Levinson	Barry Levinson	20061013	20070220	"Levinson has gone from Wag the Dog to ""Screw the Pooch""."	2/10	rotten	Brian Juergens	0	Freeze Dried Movies	20061012
F W Murnau is making Nosferatu on location in Eastern Europe. The director is determined to make this the most authentic movie ever. To this end Murnau has employed a real vampire, Max Schreck. He explains Schreck's weird behavior by saying that he is a fastidious method actor. As payment Schreck has been promised drug addicted beauty Greta - Nosferatu's leading-lady. She is to be his at the end of filming. But it seems that Schreck cannot wait that long to taste the blood of the crew.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense		Steven Katz	20001229	20010529	...tells the story of a filmmaker who wants to make a great horror movie. Nothing more, nothing less.	3/4	fresh	Collin Souter	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020525
The movie chronicles the adventures of a young girl called Lily, who sets off to visit her lonely Grandpa, but finds herself on a great adventure that leads to a meeting with the world's favorite steam engine, Thomas the Tank Engine, and the magical Mr. Conductor. The trio become involved in a classic good versus evil story that takes place in Mr. Conductor's special universe. At one end is the Island of Sodor, and at the other Shining Time, nestled deep in the Indian Valley. Linking these two worlds is The Magic Railroad. This harmonious world of magic and innocence is put in danger by greed and cynicism. However, Lily and Thomas, with the help of a special dog called Mutt, a young boy named Patch, Mr. Conductor Junior and a host of other colorful characters triumph, bringing the story to its happy end.	G	Kids and Family Musical and Performing Arts	Britt Allcroft	Britt Allcroft	20000726	20001031		C	rotten		1	Entertainment Weekly	20000726
A man who writes the book on ending a romance runs into rough sledding while starting a new one in this comedy. Quincy (Jamie Foxx) is a magazine editor whose life takes an unexpected turn for the worse when his fianc	PG-13	Comedy Romance	Daniel Taplitz	Daniel Taplitz	20040514	20041012	A good cast tries to rescue a bad script.	2/4	rotten	Vince Koehler	0	Entertainment Spectrum	20040525
"Daniel Auteuil stars as the infamous Marquis de Sade, who at the beginning of Sade, is serving a sentence in Paris' grim Saint Lazarde prison. The year is 1794, and Sade is being persecuted for his steadfast atheism, which runs counter to the beliefs of Robespierre, France's terrifying revolutionary leader. The Marquis is granted something of a reprieve when he is transferred -- courtesy of his mistress Sensible (Marianne Denicourt) -- to Picpus, a former convent that now serves as the equivalent of a luxury prison. Although Picpus is not without its own guillotine and mass grave, Sade is more concerned with the blossoming Emilie (Isild Le Besco). Meanwhile, Sensible, who has a son who calls Sade ""Papa,"" is forced to share the bed of her own protector, Fournier (Gregoire Colin), a moody lout who hates Sade and works for none other than Robespierre."	NR	Art House and International Drama		Jacques Fieschi|Bernard Minoret	20001117	20031209	In Auteil's less dramatic but equally incisive performance, he's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer.	2.5/4	fresh	Marta Barber	1	Miami Herald	20021011
A classic Disney fairytale collides with modern-day New York City in a story about a fairytale princess from the past who is thrust into present-day by an evil queen. Soon after her arrival, Princess Giselle begins to change her views on life and love after meeting a handsome lawyer. Can a storybook view of romance survive in the real world?	PG	Comedy Kids and Family Romance	Kevin Lima		20071121	20080318	This delightfully funny and smart family film certainly lives up to its title. 	4/5	fresh	Mark Adams	0	Daily Mirror (UK)	20141210
A woman finds herself drafted into the battle of finding the perfect man in this romantic comedy. Sarah Nolan (Diane Lane) is a kindergarten teacher in her mid-thirties who is still dealing with the emotional aftermath of her divorce eight months ago. While her sisters, Christine (Ali Hillis) and Carol (Elizabeth Perkins), both think Sarah needs to start dating again, Sarah herself isn't so sure. Carol decides to force the issue by posting Sarah's photo and profile on an Internet dating site, and soon a number of seemingly eligible bachelors are sending her e-mails in hopes of a date. However, nearly every man she meets turns out to be a loser, with the exception of Jake (John Cusack), who is smart, good looking, and even brings along a dog for their walk in the park (though he doesn't tell her the pooch was borrowed for the occasion). However, Sarah also makes the acquaintance of Bob (Dermot Mulroney), the divorced father of one of her students, and she finds herself having to choose between two potentially worthwhile men. Meanwhile, Sarah's widowed father, Bill (Christopher Plummer), decides to give Internet dating a try, and lands himself a new steady in Dolly (Stockard Channing). Must Love Dogs is based on the best-selling novel of the same title by Claire Cook.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary David Goldberg	Gary David Goldberg	20050729	20051220	Writer-director Gary David Goldberg relies so much on the predetermined beats of sitcom writing that Must Love Dogs is too stiff to qualify as lightweight.	2/4	rotten	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20050801
Marc Forster's psychological thriller Stay stars Ewan McGregor as Sam Foster, a psychologist who begins to feel his grip on reality slipping away because of one of his patients. Ryan Gosling plays Henry Letham, a patient who has been offering disturbing predictions that have come true. When he claims that Henry will kill himself in three days, the psychiatrist sets off on a journey to help him. Written by David Benioff, the film co-stars Naomi Watts.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Marc Forster	David Benioff	20051021	20060328	"All of this leads up to a promising reveal but what we get is a great big ""huh?"	2/4	rotten	Jeffrey M. Anderson	0	Combustible Celluloid	20051020
"When her director husband is occupied with work in Paris, an American woman takes a jaunt with his business associate, a charming Gallic rogue who is happy to squire her on a tour of some of the finest meals in Provence. The first feature directed by Eleanor Coppola, wife of Francis and director of the ""Apocalypse Now"" documentary ""Hearts of Darkness""."	PG	Comedy Romance	Eleanor Coppola	Eleanor Coppola	20170512	20170905	It's all very seductive.	3.5/5	fresh	David Stratton	0	The Australian	20170721
Rango is a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis. After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in? When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt - a lawless outpost populated by the desert's most wily and whimsical creatures - the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt... -- (C) Paramount	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family	Gore Verbinski	John Logan	20110304	20110715	These strange looking characters are hard to love. They didn't generate the excitement and enthusiasm that I was hoping for.	C+	rotten	Matthew Toomey	0	ABC Radio Brisbane	20110306
"In the mid-to-late 1960s, in Washington, D.C., vibrant soul music and exploding social consciousness were combining to unique and powerful effect. It was the place and time for Ralph Waldo ""Petey"" Greene Jr. to fully express himself--sometimes to outrageous effect--and ""tell it like it is."" With the support of his irrepressible and tempestuous girlfriend Vernell, the newly minted ex-con talks his way into an on-air radio gig at WOL-AM, where fellow prison inmate Milo's brother Dewey Hughes is the program director. At the station, Petey becomes an iconic radio personality, surpassing even the established popularity of his fellow disc jockeys, Nighthawk and Sunny Jim. Combining biting humor with social commentary, Petey openly courts controversy for station owner E.G. Sonderling. Petey was determined to make not just himself but his community heard during an exciting and turbulent period in American history. As Petey's voice, humor, and spirit surge across the airwaves with the vitality of the era, listeners tune in to hear not only incredible music but also a man speaking directly to them about race and power in America like few people ever have. Through the years, Petey's ""The truth just is"" style--on and off the air--would redefine both Petey and Dewey, and empower each to become the man he would most like to be."	R	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Kasi Lemmons	Michael Genet|Rick Famuyiwa	20070727	20071030	Cheadle gives a performance of contained cool and bluff bravado, suggesting barely a hint of the rage you would expect from a man just out of a nine-year prison sentence.	4/5	fresh	Roger Moore	1	Orlando Sentinel	20070727
SNL alumni Tina Fey steps into the well worn shoes of journalist Kim Barker in Paramount Pictures' adaptation of Barker's memoir The Taliban Shuffle: Strange Days in Afghanistan and Pakistan, which details her years as a reporter in Pakistan and Afghanistan beginning in 2002.	R	Comedy Drama	Glenn Ficarra|John Requa	Robert Carlock	20160304	20160628	Thanks to Fey, as well as the other actors, it has grit. But it doesn't have teeth.	3/5	fresh	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20160303
The movie chronicles the adventures of a young girl called Lily, who sets off to visit her lonely Grandpa, but finds herself on a great adventure that leads to a meeting with the world's favorite steam engine, Thomas the Tank Engine, and the magical Mr. Conductor. The trio become involved in a classic good versus evil story that takes place in Mr. Conductor's special universe. At one end is the Island of Sodor, and at the other Shining Time, nestled deep in the Indian Valley. Linking these two worlds is The Magic Railroad. This harmonious world of magic and innocence is put in danger by greed and cynicism. However, Lily and Thomas, with the help of a special dog called Mutt, a young boy named Patch, Mr. Conductor Junior and a host of other colorful characters triumph, bringing the story to its happy end.	G	Kids and Family Musical and Performing Arts	Britt Allcroft	Britt Allcroft	20000726	20001031	Meanders in a slow, tiresome way.	C	rotten	Eric D. Snider	0	EricDSnider.com	20000101
For the Tibetan Mastiffs living on Snow Mountain, a dog's life has a simple riff: Guard a peaceful village of wool-making sheep from the thuggish wolf Linnux (Lewis Black) and his rabid pack. To avoid distractions, Mastiff leader Khampa (J.K. Simmons) forbids all music from the mountain. But when Khampa's son Bodi (Luke Wilson) discovers a radio dropped by a passing airplane, it takes just a few guitar licks for his fate to be sealed: Bodi wants to be a rock 'n' roll star. Yet that means defying his father's wishes, heading to the city, and locating the legendary - and reclusive - musician Angus Scattergood (Eddie Izzard), who needs to write a new song and fast. If Bodi can put a band together, help Angus with his song, and defeat the wolves' plot to take Snow Mountain, his life will be in tune. Bodi will become what he's always dreamed of being: More than a dog ... more than a Rock God... he'll be a ROCK DOG	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Ash Brannon	Ash Brannon|Kurt Voelker	20170224	20170523	An excruciating, unendurable stinker from first frame to last.	1/5	rotten	Jim Lane	0	Sacramento News &amp; Review	20170302
Kids on a family vacation must fight off an attack by knee-high alien invaders with world-destroying ambitions. At the same time, the youngsters work hard to keep their parents in the dark about the battle upstairs. It all starts as a meteor shower rockets across the dark galaxy. Four glowing pods sparkle and crackle while hiding behind the meteor show. A mysterious force makes the meteor shower turn a hard right towards a bright blue ball in the distance - planet Earth.	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy	John Schultz		20090731	20091103	Cute protagonists, sensible morals and refreshing lack of complexity make Aliens in the Attic a bit of guilty pleasure.	2.5/5	fresh	Cris Kennedy	0	Screenwize	20100704
John Hughes crafts an exemplary '80s Brat Pack romance out of the standard Cinderella story in Pretty in Pink. Andie Walsh (Molly Ringwald) is a teenager who lives in the dingy part of town with her terminally underemployed dad (Harry Dean Stanton). She works at a record store with eccentric Ionia (Annie Potts) and is considered a misfit at her uppity high school, but somehow she rises above them all. Her oddball best friend, Duckie (Jon Cryer), is hopelessly in love with her, so he causes trouble for her romantic pursuits. When local rich kid Blaine (Andrew McCarthy) develops a fascination with her, they go out on a date together. Visiting the home bases of each social clique, they are basically ridiculed for their audacity to date one another. When Blaine eventually asks the delighted Andie to the prom, he is threatened by his rich friend Steff (James Spader). The romance versus high school social politics finally culminates at the big night of the prom.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Howard Deutch	John Hughes	19860228	20020820	While the script contains trite and unbelievable dialogue, the superbly convincing performances make up for these faults.	3/4	fresh		0	TV Guide	20070718
"In the heatwarming live action adventure ""Disney's Christopher Robin,"" the young boy who loved embarking on adventures in the Hundred Acre Wood with a band of spirited and loveable stuffed animals, has grown up and lost his way. Now it is up to his childhood friends to venture into our world and help Christopher Robin remember the loving and playful boy who is still inside."	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family	Marc Forster	Alex Ross Perry	20180803	20181106	Christopher Robin is one fun escapist movie that will tug on your nostalgia heartstrings. 	4/5	fresh		0	Independent Online (South Africa)	20180803
Team America, an international police force dedicated to maintaining global stability, learns that a power hungry dictator is brokering weapons of mass destruction to terrorists. The heroes embark upon a harrowing mission to save the world. To infiltrate the terrorist network, Team America recruits Gary Johnston, a rising star on Broadway to go undercover. Although initially reluctant to sacrifice his promising career, Gary realizes that his acting gift is needed for a higher cause. With the help of Team America leader Spotswoode and fellow members Chris, Sarah, Lisa and Joe, Gary slips into an arms dealer's hideout where he discovers that the terrorists' plot has already begun to unfold. From the pyramids of Cairo to the Panama Canal and finally to the palace of power-mad dictator Kim Jong-Il, Team America criss-crosses the globe on a desperate mission to preserve the very fabric of civilization.	R	Comedy Drama	Trey Parker	Trey Parker|Matt Stone|Pam Brady	20041011	20050517	While I laughed a lot and enjoyed myself, the reason this film did not get the highest marks from me is because I walked out feeling a little unfulfilled.	4/5	fresh	Karina Montgomery	0	Cinerina	20041014
In Final Destination 5, Death is just as omnipresent as ever, and is unleashed after one man's premonition saves a group of coworkers from a terrifying suspension bridge collapse. But this group of unsuspecting souls was never supposed to survive, and, in a terrifying race against time, the ill-fated group frantically tries to discover a way to escape Death's sinister agenda. -- (C) Warner Bros	R	Horror	Steven Quale	Eric Heisserer	20110812	20111227	Fans of this franchise know precisely what to expect, and the film delivers it with wit and flair.	3/5	fresh	Peter Bradshaw	0	Guardian	20110825
"Bill Murray, Dan Aykroyd, Harold Ramis and Ernie Hudson star as a quartet of Manhattan-based ""paranormal investigators"". When their government grants run out, the former three go into business as The Ghostbusters, later hiring Hudson on. Armed with electronic paraphernalia, the team is spectacularly successful, ridding The Big Apple of dozens of ghoulies, ghosties and long-legged beasties. Tight-lipped bureaucrat William Atherton regards the Ghostbusters as a bunch of charlatans, but is forced to eat his words when New York is besieged by an army of unfriendly spirits, conjured up by a long-dead Babylonian demon and ""channelled"" through beautiful cellist Sigourney Weaver and nerdish Rick Moranis. The climax is a glorious sendup of every Godzilla movie ever made-and we daresay it cost more than a year's worth of Japanese monster flicks combined. Who'd ever dream that the chubby, cheery Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man would turn out to be the most malevolent threat ever faced by New York City? When the script for Ghostbusters was forged by Dan Aykroyd and Harold Ramis, John Belushi was slated to play the Bill Murray role; Belushi's death in 1982 not only necessitated the hiring of Murray, but also an extensive rewrite. The most expensive comedy made up to 1984, Ghostbusters made money hand over fist, spawning not only a 1989 sequel but also two animated TV series (one of them partially based on an earlier live-action TV weekly, titled The Ghost Busters."	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ivan Reitman	Harold Ramis|Dan Aykroyd|Peter Torokvei	19840608	19990629	Everyone's at the top of their game for this one. Even Ernie Hudson has never been this good since.	5/5	fresh	Luke Y. Thompson	0	New Times	20031211
Chris has a job interview in Raleigh in three hours and he's making good time--until an accident miles down the highway turns Chris' manageable trip into a six-hour wait. Determined to make his critical appointment, Chris makes a hard U-turn and heads back up the West Virginia highway. Running low on fuel, he finds a shortcut, it's clearly a road less traveled, but to Chris it seems to be a quick fix to avoid the traffic jam. Not far away, Jessie and her friends, Carly, Scott, Evan and Francine, stand quietly--stunned as they survey what's left of their road trip after the tires blow out on their SUV. They've been left stranded, deep in the middle of the woods. Chris heads down the dusty road, accidentally hitting the SUV along the way, scattering the foursome around it. Luckily no one is seriously hurt in the collision, but egos are bruised and tempers flare. Chris is apologetic, and Jessie is the calming force when she discovers that the reason they're in their predicament is that barbed wire had been stretched across the road. Therefore, their blown out tires were seemingly the result of a prank. The group quickly bands together, determined to find a phone. Evan and Francis stay with the cars, as the other four make their way down the road. As they venture deeper and deeper into the woods, the assumed idea that the trap was set by a prankster grows dim upon their discovery of a mountain cabin filled with grisly hunting weapons and horrific souvenirs of the hunt. They are now certain that whomever--or whatever--lives in the cabin is responsible for the barbed-wire trap that derailed their trip. What the foursome doesn't know, however, is that Evan and Francine are now dead, mercilessly mutilated by three gruesome mountain men. Facing an uncertain and possibly horrific fate at the hands of these men, the four friends are sure of one thing: they will never go camping again.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Rob Schmidt		20030530	20031014	The grey area is whether it's Schmidt's fault or the zeitgeist's that the film doesn't resonate even ten seconds past the finish line	2/4	rotten	Bill Chambers	0	Film Freak Central	20031001
It's 1969. The conflict in Viet Nam has exploded to immeasurable proportions, and 18-year-old Dean Hills number is up. Dean's brother Eric, who has already seen his share of combat, plans to take Dean to enlist in his beloved Marine Corps in hopes of keeping an eye on him rather than letting him take his chances at the local induction center. But Dean's plans do not coincide with his older brothers. Instead, he plans to confront Eric about dodging the draft after the boys and their respective girlfriends, Bailey and Chrissie, head across Texas for a final fling of serious fun. Soon after their journey begins, the spirited foursome is spooked by a menacing pair of bikers, Holden and his girlfriend, Alex. When Alex chases the group's jeep, propelling them into a serious accident, Chrissie is thrown from the vehicle. As Alex attempts to rob the injured trio, Sheriff Hoyt arrives on the scene and turns the tables on their would-be assassin. While Chrissie hides in the nearby brush, she watches as the sheriff kills Alex in cold blood and then inexplicably taunts her friends before ordering them into the back of the patrol car. Unbeknownst to Chrissie, Hoyt is headed back to the Hewitt family home where Thomas who is being groomed to become the terrifying monster known as Leatherface and the rest of the Hewitt clan await.	R	Horror Mystery and Suspense	Jonathan Liebesman	Sheldon Turner	20061006	20070116	Attention sadists: Demand more from your gorefests than this pro forma return to the well. Has mass murder ever been this dull?	0/4	rotten	Peter Travers	1	Rolling Stone	20061018
An unsolved murder at Portland's infamous Paranoid Park brings detectives to a local high school, propelling a young skater into a moral odyssey where he must not only deal with the pain and disconnect of adolescence but the consequences of his own actions.	R	Art House and International Drama	Gus Van Sant	Gus Van Sant	20070521	20081007	Paranoid Park's triumph ... is its aesthetic design.	B+	fresh	Nick Schager	0	Lessons of Darkness	20071121
The story of five prisoners in the Auschwitz concentration camp as told through the memoirs of Dr. Miklos Nyiszil, a Hungarian Jew chosen by Josef Mengele to be the head pathologist at Auschwitz.	R	Drama	Tim Blake Nelson	Tim Blake Nelson	20021025	20030318	I have seen a lot of films about the Holocaust, but I have never seen one so immediate, unblinking and painful in its materials.	4/4	fresh	Roger Ebert	1	Chicago Sun-Times	20021025
Ken Loach directs Sweet Sixteen, a gritty drama about a young man slowly succumbing to a life of crime. Liam (Martin Compson) hopes that his imprisoned mother (Michelle Coulter) will be free by his 16th birthday. Hoping to help his mother escape her abusive heroin-dealing boyfriend (Gary McCormack), Liam rats him out to the cops. Liam's sister, Chantelle (Annmarie Fulton), suggests that a new trailer park might be a better place for their mother to live. With the help of his best friend, Pinball (William Ruanne), Liam sells the boyfriend's supply in order to raise the money, but this gets him into trouble with gangsters whose turf he was selling in. Soon Liam is on the way up in the criminal world, but that success comes with a toll. The accents in this Scottish-set film are so thick that English subtitles are used throughout. Sweet Sixteen was screened in competition at the 2002 Cannes Film Festival.	R	Drama	Ken Loach	Paul Laverty	20030516	20031007	It's impossible to tell the experienced from the inexperienced among Loach's casts.	3/4	fresh	Jack Mathews	1	New York Daily News	20030516
Chinese director Zhang Yimou fuses a martial arts action-drama with a tragic romance in this elegant period piece. In the year 859 A.D., as the Tang dynasty is beset by rebellion, Leo (Andy Lau) and Jin (Takeshi Kaneshiro) are a pair of lawmen who have been given the task of ferreting out the leaders of a revolutionary faction known as the Flying Daggers. Working on a tip that members of the group are working out of a brothel called the Peony Pavilion, Jin arrives there in disguise and is introduced to a beautiful blind dancer named Mei (Zhang Ziyi). After watching Mei's performance following several drinks, Jin drunkenly attempts to have his way with her, and Leo is forced to intervene. After gaining Mei's trust in a game of skill, Leo arrests her and informs her that she'll be tortured if she doesn't tell all she knows about the Flying Daggers. Jin responds by helping Mei break out of prison, but he has an ulterior motive -- by following her, Leo and Jin are certain she'll lead them to the Flying Daggers. However, as he helps the blind girl find her way back home, Jin finds himself falling in love with Mei, and isn't certain if he's willing to betray her again.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Art House and International Drama	Yimou Zhang	Feng Li|Bin Wang|Yimou Zhang	20041203	20050329	Combined with Hero, this gives Zhang an amazing one-two stylistic action punch.	3/4	fresh	James Berardinelli	1	ReelViews	20041129
"Based on a true story, U.S. Customs agent ROBERT ""BOB"" MAZUR (Bryan Cranston) goes deep undercover to infiltrate Pablo Escobar's blood-soaked drug trafficking scene plaguing the nation in 1985 by posing as slick, money-laundering businessman Bob Musella. Teamed with impulsive and streetwise fellow agent EMIR EBREU (John Leguizamo) and rookie agent posing as his fianc"	R	Drama	Brad Furman	Ellen Brown Furman	20160713	20161011	A cannily structured piece of pulpy pop entertainment marked by a starry lead performance and some histrionic supporting turns. It doesn't have much depth, but the surface keeps you engaged.	B	fresh	Frank Swietek	0	One Guy's Opinion	20160712
Shy, sensitive April (Emma Roberts) is the class virgin -a popular soccer player and frequent babysitter for her single-dad coach, Mr. B. (James Franco). Teddy (Jack Kilmer) is an introspective artist whose best friend and sidekick Fred (Nat Wolff) is an unpredictable live wire with few filters or boundaries. While April negotiates a dangerous affair with Mr. B., and Teddy performs community service for a DUI - secretly carrying a torch for April, who may or may not share his affection - Fred seduces Emily (Zoe Levin), a promiscuous loner who seeks validation through sexual encounters. One high school party bleeds into another as April and Teddy finally acknowledge their mutual affection, and Fred's escalating recklessness spirals into chaos. (C) Tribeca	R	Drama	Gia Coppola	Gia Coppola	20140509	20140909	It's about the blank spaces in teenage heads and lives, and what they do to fill them.	3/5	fresh	Tom Shone	0	Guardian	20140508
Wrongfully convicted for a hold-up, a war vet sentenced to a chain gang escapes and builds a new, respectable existence, only to realize he can never be free of his past. This classic, still-powerful reality-based indictment of the Depression-era prison system is the peak of Warner's 1930s school of social realism.	NR	Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Mervyn Le Roy	Sheridan Gibney|Brown Holmes	19321119	20050510		4/5	fresh	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20030410
"In this darkly comic drama, Edward Norton stars as a depressed young man (named in the credits only as ""Narrator"") who has become a small cog in the world of big business. He doesn't like his work and gets no sense of reward from it, attempting instead to drown his sorrows by putting together the ""perfect"" apartment. He can't sleep and feels alienated from the world at large; he's become so desperate to relate to others that he's taken to visiting support groups for patients with terminal diseases so that he'll have people to talk to. One day on a business flight, he discovers Tyler Durden (Brad Pitt), a charming iconoclast who sells soap. Tyler doesn't put much stock in the materialistic world, and he believes that one can learn a great deal through pain, misfortune, and chaos. Tyler cheerfully challenges his new friend to a fight. Our Narrator finds that bare-knuckle brawling makes him feel more alive than he has in years, and soon the two become friends and roommates, meeting informally to fight once a week. As more men join in, the ""fight club"" becomes an underground sensation, even though it's a closely guarded secret among the participants. (First rule: Don't talk about fight club. Second rule: Don't talk about fight club.) But as our Narrator and Tyler bond through violence, a strange situation becomes more complicated when Tyler becomes involved with Marla (Helena Bonham Carter), whom our Narrator became infatuated with when they were both crashing the support-group circuit. Based on the novel by Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club was directed by David Fincher, who previously directed Pitt in the thriller Seven."	R	Comedy Drama	David Fincher	Jim Uhls	19991015	20000606	Director Fincher knows atmosphere, and atmosphere is what you get.	4/5	fresh	Christopher Null	0	Filmcritic.com	20000101
Max Payne is a maverick cop - a mythic anti-hero - determined to track down those responsible for the brutal murders of his family and partner. Hell-bent on revenge, his obsessive investigation takes him on a nightmare journey into a dark underworld. As the mystery deepens, Max is forced to battle enemies beyond the natural world and face an unthinkable betrayal.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense		Beau Thorne	20081017	20090120	Watching Max Payne is painful to the max.	1.5/4	rotten	Mike McGranaghan	0	Aisle Seat	20081021
From the outer reaches of space to the small-town streets of suburbia, the hunt comes home in Shane Black's explosive reinvention of the Predator series. Now, the universe's most lethal hunters are stronger, smarter and deadlier than ever before, having genetically upgraded themselves with DNA from other species. When a young boy accidentally triggers their return to Earth, only a ragtag crew of ex-soldiers and a disgruntled science teacher can prevent the end of the human race.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Shane Black	Shane Black|Fred Dekker	20180914	20181127	The Predator delivers a good time without demanding that we think too hard about anything. But the fallout just goes to show how some of us don't think things through well enough.	3/5	fresh	Radheyan Simonpillai	0	Fresh and Frowsy	20180913
In this exploitation film, a sadistic juvenile delinquent stabs a matron and sets fire to the reformatory where she has been staying. After busting out, she heads to the house of an aspiring politician. The voluptuous fugitive is difficult to resist, and soon she is busily destroying the man's life.	NR	Action and Adventure Classics Drama Mystery and Suspense	Douglas Heyes	Douglas Heyes	19641104	20001031		2/5	rotten	Carol Cling	0	Las Vegas Review-Journal	20030822
In his follow-up to the four-time Academy Award (R)-nominated blockbuster The Help, Tate Taylor directs 42's Chadwick Boseman as James Brown in Get on Up. Based on the incredible life story of the Godfather of Soul, the film will give a fearless look inside the music, moves and moods of Brown, taking audiences on the journey from his impoverished childhood to his evolution into one of the most influential figures of the 20th century. Boseman is joined in the drama by Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Nelsan Ellis, Lennie James, Tika Sumpter, Jill Scott and Dan Aykroyd.	PG-13	Drama	Tate Taylor	Tate Taylor|Jez Butterworth|John-Henry Butterworth|Steven Baigelman	20140801	20150106	...Get On Up is raucous and messy, but it's at least compellingly messy.	B-	fresh	Josh Spiegel	0	Movie Mezzanine	20140801
A overgrown mama's boy who hasn't found the courage to take flight from the nest gets a little help from the girl of his dreams in the one comedy that proves it's never to late to strike out on your own. Tripp (Matthew McConaughey) may have hit 30, but that doesn't mean that he's ready to give up the many benefits of living at home with mom (Kathy Bates) and dad (Terry Bradshaw). His desperate parents have had enough, though, and after years of gentle nudging they soon realize that it's going to take a concerted effort to get Tripp out and enjoy their twilight years in peace. Realizing that their only hope for ridding themselves of their reluctant-to-leave offspring rides on the off-chance of his meeting the ideal female companion, mom and dad enlist the help of a beautiful and talented woman (Sarah Jessica Parker) in providing the romantic incentive needed to finally get their son out of the family home.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Tom Dey		20060310	20060627	One of those average romantic comedies that Hollywood churns out several times a year like widgets on an assembly line.	C	rotten	Robert Roten	0	Laramie Movie Scope	20060529
One of the most popular and influential video games ever makes its way to the big screen in this sci-fi thriller. A coalition of Earth's scientific and military interests have established a research colony called Olduvai on the planet Mars, but one day all communication from the outpost stops and no one can tell what has happened -- though the final messages suggest it's not good. Believing foul play may have overtaken Olduvai's crew, the Rapid Response Tactical Squad, a team of specially trained military personnel, are deployed to investigate the situation and, if necessary, eliminate the invaders. But Sarge (Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock) and Reaper (Karl Urban), leaders of the RRTS team, soon discover the situation is far more grim than they could have imagined. An experiment on Olduvai has very literally opened a portal to Hades, and a variety of savage and demonic creatures have overtaken the colony. Now the RRTS must seal off Olduvai, close off any access to Earth, and exterminate the satanic beasts before they can kill again. Doom also stars Rosamund Pike (as Dr. Grimm), Dexter Fletcher, Ben Daniels, and Deobia Oparei.	R	Action and Adventure Horror Science Fiction and Fantasy	Andrzej Bartkowiak	Dave Callaham|Wesley Strick	20051021	20060207	The movie takes itself so seriously; it has eliminated all possibility of fun. You'd be better off going back to the video game and skipping the doomed movie version.	1/5	rotten	Cherryl Dawson	0	TheMovieChicks.com	20051022
I ORIGINS, the second feature film from writer and director Mike Cahill, tells the story of Dr. Ian Gray (Michael Pitt), a molecular biologist studying the evolution of the eye. He finds his work permeating his life after a brief encounter with an exotic young woman (Astrid Berg	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Mike Cahill	Mike Cahill	20140718	20141209	It's the wily blending of opposing concepts - science vs faith; chance vs destiny; mortality vs spirituality - that gives considerable intellectual muscle to an unusual mix of mystery and love story. 	3/5	fresh	Jim Schembri	0	3AW	20140926
The Sandlot is a coming-of-age story about a group of young boys growing up in California in 1962. A new, shy boy (Thomas Guiry) moves into the neighborhood, where he is initially rejected by the local boys because he doesn't know how to play baseball. Soon, he learns the sport and joins the group of boys who play ball in a local sandlot, and with his new friends, he has a variety of adventures.	PG	Comedy Drama Kids and Family Sports and Fitness	David Mickey Evans	David Mickey Evans|Robert Gunter	19930401	20020129		3/5	fresh	Daniel M. Kimmel	0	Worcester Telegram &amp; Gazette	20040130
The best-selling suspense novel by late author Robert Ludlum comes to the screen for a second time, following a 1988 made-for-TV movie. Matt Damon stars as Jason Bourne, a barely alive amnesiac with a pair of bullet wounds in his back, pulled from the Mediterranean by Italian fishermen. Bourne's only clue to his own identity is a bank account number etched on a capsule implanted in his body. He quickly finds the Zurich bank where money, a gun, and a few identification documents await, but after he's pursued by security goons at the American consulate, Bourne realizes he can trust no one and offers a German gypsy named Marie (Franka Potente) ten thousand dollars for a ride to Paris. Encountering more professional killers bent on his destruction, Bourne discovers that he possesses a surprising degree of skill in combat, martial arts, and linguistics -- handy talents that clearly indicate his past includes work as a spy and assassin, but for whom? With Marie's reluctant help, Bourne edges closer to the truth, something CIA officials want concealed at all costs. The Bourne Identity co-stars Chris Cooper, Clive Owen, Brian Cox, and Julia Stiles.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense	Doug Liman	Tony Gilroy|William Blake Herron	20020614	20030121	If Liman's ambition is to leave IFC to make big Hollywood entertainment vehicles, then I would suggest he rent the entire Tony Scott library.	2/5	rotten	Stephen Himes	0	Film Snobs	20020619
Versatile Canadian comedian Martin Short plays a 10-year old boy in this comedy aimed at younger audiences. The tale is told in flashback to another little boy. Clifford is a manipulative brat. Clifford really wants to visit Dinosaur World in Los Angeles. Clifford wants to go so badly that he manages to force the Hawaii bound plane he and his parents are on to land in L.A. His parents need to attend a convention in Hawaii so they leave him with his Uncle Martin who despises children. Martin's fiance adores kids, so he pretends to be ecstatic about Clifford's visit. He must also pretend that Clifford is the angel child he isn't. Because Martin reneges on a promise to take him to Dinosaur World, Clifford begins an elaborate plot for revenge.	PG	Comedy Kids and Family	Paul Flaherty	Will Aldis|Jay Dee Rock|Steven Kampmann|Bobby Vonhayes	19940401	20040302	The DVD should come with a free bottle of aspirin.	1/5	rotten	Scott Weinberg	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020726
"In this adaptation of the novel ""The Price of Salt"" by Patricia Highsmith, Therese (Rooney Mara), a young department-store clerk in 1950s Manhattan, meets Carol (Cate Blanchett), a beautiful older woman stuck in a depressing marriage of convenience. As their bond deepens and they become romantically involved, Carol finds the strength to leave her husband (Kyle Chandler). Unfortunately, her spouse starts to raise questions about her fitness as a mother when he realizes that Carol's relationships with her best friend Abby (Sarah Paulson) and Therese are more than just friendships. Directed by Todd Haynes."	R	Drama Romance	Todd Haynes	Phyllis Nagy	20151120	20160315	Blanchett captures the lioness quality of Carol, steaming forward with blinders on as she finds herself entranced by Therese's innocence. Her slow, sultry hand moving across her lover's shoulder is a vibrant action that speaks impeccable volumes.	3/4	fresh	Clayton Davis	0	AwardsCircuit.com	20150930
In his follow-up to the four-time Academy Award (R)-nominated blockbuster The Help, Tate Taylor directs 42's Chadwick Boseman as James Brown in Get on Up. Based on the incredible life story of the Godfather of Soul, the film will give a fearless look inside the music, moves and moods of Brown, taking audiences on the journey from his impoverished childhood to his evolution into one of the most influential figures of the 20th century. Boseman is joined in the drama by Viola Davis, Octavia Spencer, Nelsan Ellis, Lennie James, Tika Sumpter, Jill Scott and Dan Aykroyd.	PG-13	Drama	Tate Taylor	Tate Taylor|Jez Butterworth|John-Henry Butterworth|Steven Baigelman	20140801	20150106	"Get on Up"" turns Brown's life into an even bigger mess."	1.5/4	rotten	Rafer Guzman	1	Newsday	20140731
A serial dater afflicted with a lifelong curse of loneliness attempts to win the love of a clumsy but beautiful penguin expert in the one romantic comedy that proves true love never comes easy. As a ten-year-old boy, Charlie (Dane Cook), breaks the cardinal rule of spin-the-bottle by refusing to kiss a demented goth girl. Crushed by the disheartening snub and determined to ensure that Charlie never finds true love, the vengeful brooder places a hex on the cowardly rule breaker that follows him well into his adult life. Flash-forward 20 years, and Charlie is a successful dentist who just can't seem to maintain a stable relationship. Sure he's had his fair share of one-night stands, but these days Charlie is just looking to find a nice girl he can settle down with. One day, while attending an ex-girlfriend's wedding, Charlie realizes that every girl he has ever dated has proceeded to find true love with the very next man they've met. When word gets out that Charlie is something of a lucky charm for women looking to tie the knot, every women within a 100-mile radius comes calling for a one-night stand; and while taking a bevy of beauties to bed is fun for the time being, it doesn't take long for Charlie to realize just how empty sex can be without true love. Upon meeting hard-to-get aquatic bird specialist Cam (Jessica Alba), Charlie begins to suspect that he has found the woman of his dreams. Cam is the kind of woman whom Charlie would be happy to grow old with, but what will come of their relationship if Charlie and Cam sleep together? Now, in order to ensure that Cam doesn't end up with the next guy she meets, Charlie will finally attempt to break the curse that has plagued him since childhood. Perhaps with a little help from smooth-talking ladies' man and sympathetic best friend Stu (Dan Fogler), Charlie will finally be able to experience true happiness.	R	Comedy	Mark Helfrich	Josh Stolberg	20070921	20080115	No doubt, the outtakes on the DVD release will prove useful for recovering sex addicts and in vomitoria.	1/5	rotten	John P. McCarthy	0	Boxoffice Magazine	20070921
"Adapted from the bestselling novel by author John Green (""The Fault in Our Stars""), PAPER TOWNS is a coming-of-age story centering on Quentin and his enigmatic neighbor Margo, who loved mysteries so much she became one. After taking him on an all-night adventure through their hometown, Margo suddenly disappears--leaving behind cryptic clues for Quentin to decipher. The search leads Quentin and his quick-witted friends on an exhilarating adventure that is equal parts hilarious and moving. Ultimately, to track down Margo, Quentin must find a deeper understanding of true friendship--and true love. (C) Fox"	PG-13	Drama	Jake Schreier		20150724	20151020	It's not the most poignant or ground-breaking coming of age tale, but Paper Towns' gentle nature and noble intentions make it a respectable one.	3/5	fresh	Sandy Schaefer	0	ScreenRant	20150724
American tourist Frank (Johnny Depp) meets a mysterious beauty who drags him into a dangerous world of intrigue and espionage while traveling through Europe in director Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck's paranoid thriller. When Frank met Elise (Angelina Jolie) on the train, he thought it was a chance encounter. Little did Frank realize it was all part of a much bigger plan, one that would soon find him dodging bullets through both the historic streets of Paris and the winding canals of Venice. Now, the faster Frank and Elise run, the more intense their romance grows.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Romance	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck	Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck|Christopher McQuarrie|Julian Fellowes	20101210	20110322	The Tourist is memorable for one thing, at least. It's the first movie to make Venice look boring.	1.5/4	rotten	Robert W. Butler	0	Kansas City Star	20101210
Life doesn't always go according to plan. Pat Solatano (Bradley Cooper) has lost everything -- his house, his job, and his wife. He now finds himself living back with his mother (Jacki Weaver) and father (Robert DeNiro) after spending eight months is a state institution on a plea bargain. Pat is determined to rebuild his life, remain positive and reunite with his wife, despite the challenging circumstances of their separation. All Pat's parents want is for him to get back on his feet-and to share their family's obsession with the Philadelphia Eagles football team. When Pat meets Tiffany (Jennifer Lawrence), a mysterious girl with problems of her own, things get complicated. Tiffany offers to help Pat reconnect with his wife, but only if he'll do something very important for her in return. As their deal plays out, an unexpected bond begins to form between them, and silver linings appear in both of their lives. -- (C) Weinstein	R	Comedy			20121121	20130430	Lawrence, in her most high-low, sad-comic turn yet, is remarkable.	B	fresh	Peter Rainer	1	Christian Science Monitor	20121121
The life of a miner's son in Northern England is forever changed one day when he stumbles upon a ballet class on his way to boxing lessons. Joining the class and keeping it a secret from his widowed father and overbearing brother, 11-year-old Billy finds himself in dance, demonstrating the kind of raw talent seldom seen by the class's exacting instructor, Mrs. Wilkinson. She encourages him to try out for the Royal Ballet. But when his father and brother find out and forbid him to continue, Billy is torn between his responsibility to his family and to the gift with which he has been blessed. His overwhelming desire to dance has become much more to him that simply a means of self-expression. It is his passion and it is his destiny.	R	Comedy Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Stephen Daldry	Lee Hall	20001103	20010417	Billy Elliot earns every one of its sentiments and emotions without getting overly manipulative or preachy	4/4	fresh	Collin Souter	0	eFilmCritic.com	20020419
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	A fascinating, colourful, sometimes outrageous film that succeeds because it was built on a solid foundation.	8	fresh	Brian Webster	0	Apollo Guide	20070625
"Once one of the world's top masked crime fighters, Bob Parr--known to all as ""Mr. Incredible""--fought evil and saved lives on a daily basis. But now fifteen years later, Bob and his wife--a famous superhero in her own right--have adopted civilian identities and retreated to the suburbs to live normal lives with their three kids. Now he's a clock-punching insurance claims adjuster fighting boredom and a bulging waistline. Itching to get back into action, Bob gets his chance when a mysterious communication summons him to a remote island for a top-secret assignment."	PG	Animation Comedy Kids and Family	Brad Bird	Brad Bird	20041105	20050315	Original adventures such as The Incredibles are the ones that will have families watching them over and over and over again, over the years.	8/10	fresh		0	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	20041113
From the producers of Little Miss Sunshine - When an unusual classified ad inspires three cynical Seattle magazine employees to look for the story behind it, they discover a mysterious eccentric named Kenneth, a likable but paranoid supermarket clerk, who believes he's solved the riddle of time travel and intends to depart again soon. Together, they embark on a hilarious, smart, and unexpectedly heartfelt journey that reveals how far believing can take you. -- (C) Official Site	R	Comedy Drama	Colin Trevorrow	Derek Connolly	20120608	20121030	"The clever but confused ""Safety Not Guaranteed"" is loosely inspired by a classified ad, ostensibly seeking a partner for a trip back in time, which became a minor Internet sensation a few years back."	B-	fresh	Marc Mohan	0	Oregonian	20120607
Rango is a sheltered chameleon living as an ordinary family pet, while facing a major identity crisis. After all, how high can you aim when your whole purpose in life is to blend in? When Rango accidentally winds up in the gritty, gun-slinging town of Dirt - a lawless outpost populated by the desert's most wily and whimsical creatures - the less-than-courageous lizard suddenly finds he stands out. Welcomed as the last hope the town has been waiting for, new Sheriff Rango is forced to play his new role to the hilt... -- (C) Paramount	PG	Action and Adventure Animation Kids and Family	Gore Verbinski	John Logan	20110304	20110715	There are some great sight gags and the script has some good lines, but there aren't enough of them - and the plot is rather slight and predictable.	3/5	fresh	Roz Laws	0	Birmingham Post	20110309
The grim realities of drug dealers' lives provides the basis for this gritty drama. The story centers on Strike, a 19-year old drug dealer who lives in the Brooklyn projects. When Strike agrees to help a local drug lord kill one of rivals, he finds himself in serious trouble.	R	Drama Mystery and Suspense	Spike Lee	Richard Price|Spike Lee	19950913	19990105	How, exactly, was this film overlooked?	5/5	fresh	James Rocchi	0	Netflix	20021107
"A chronicle exploring what happened in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on June 12th, 2000--Valentine's Day in Brazil--when Bus 174 was highjacked by an armed young man, Sandro do Nascimento, with a dozen passengers. Nascimento, a disillusioned slum-dweller, threatened to kill all of the passengers, but eventually agreed to surrender, as TV cameras were rolling and an entire nation was glued to their screens, watching the event take place. Regardless, a police officer then decided to fire at Nascimento anyway, accidentally killing one of the female passengers instead. What followed was a revolt among the city's population, enraged both at the police brutality and their incompetence. The crowd's reactions were comparable with the Rodney King riots. The documentary captures the media and society's responses to the event. As the chronicle intertwines the story of the standoff, it also presents biographical information about Sandro do Nascimento, which includes: his childhood as a survivor of the ""Candelaria"" child mass murders in the early 1990s; his subsequent adolescence in which he was sent to horrific juvenile delinquency facilities; as well, his trauma sustained from seeing his mother stabbed to death in front of him."	R	Art House and International Documentary Drama Special Interest			20031008	20040720	It is Padilha's sensitivity, thoroughness, persistence and artful assembly of all the angles on this story that gets us heart-wrenchingly close to understanding the 'why.'	3/4	fresh	Jennie Punter	1	Globe and Mail	20031107
When racist white insurance agent Jeff Gerber wakes up one morning to discover that his skin has turned black, he experiences bigotry first hand as his family, neighbors, and employers react to his transformation. Now suffering from the effects of racial discrimination, Jeff must reassess his priorities in life.	R	Classics Comedy Drama	Melvin Van Peebles	Herman Raucher	19700527	20040914		4/5	fresh	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050820
In a northern coastal city of Spain, which turned its back on the countryside long ago and surrounded itself with industries, a group of men make their way through the streets everyday, looking for life's emergency exits. Walking the tightrope of precarious employment, taking shelter in their daily conversations and routine--as if the dismal wreck of their lives was not their own. While they talk of their exploits and laugh, at everything and nothing in particular, they try to remain full of hope, relaxed, on a Monday morning in the sun.	R	Comedy Drama			20030725	20031118	A true, fine and involvingly human piece of work.	3.5/4	fresh	David Elliott	0	San Diego Union-Tribune	20030801
After making a striking directorial debut with her screen adaptation of The Virgin Suicides, Sofia Coppola offers a story of love and friendship blooming under unlikely circumstances in this comedy drama. Bob Harris (Bill Murray) is a well-known American actor whose career has gone into a tailspin; needing work, he takes a very large fee to appear in a commercial for Japanese whiskey to be shot in Tokyo. Feeling no small degree of culture shock in Japan, Bob spends most of his non-working hours at his hotel, where he meets Charlotte (Scarlett Johansson) at the bar. Twentysomething Charlotte is married to John (Giovanni Ribisi), a successful photographer who is in Tokyo on an assignment, leaving her to while away her time while he works. Beyond their shared bemusement and confusion with the sights and sounds of contemporary Tokyo, Bob and Charlotte share a similar dissatisfaction with their lives; the spark has gone out of Bob's marriage, and he's become disillusioned with his career. Meanwhile, Charlotte is puzzled with how much John has changed in their two years of marriage, while she's been unable to launch a creative career of her own. Bob and Charlotte become fast friends, and as they explore Tokyo, they begin to wonder if their sudden friendship might be growing into something more.	R	Comedy Drama Romance	Sofia Coppola	Sofia Coppola	20030926	20040203	The film crackles with the energy of Bob and Charlotte's connection, and their adventures in the hurry-and-flurry Tokyo nightlife are glittery, dreamlike, meditative and beautiful.	4/4	fresh	Nick Rogers	0	The Film Yap	20031001
CALL ME BY YOUR NAME, the new film by Luca Guadagnino, is a sensual and transcendent tale of first love, based on the acclaimed novel by Andr	R	Drama Romance	Luca Guadagnino	James Ivory	20180119	20180313	Whether a paternal benediction is what Elio can or wants to hear, Call Me By Your Name is right to speak it. Philosophically as well as visually, this movie is a beaut.	5/5	fresh	Matt Wolf	0	The Arts Desk	20171027
When a Vietnam veteran discovers two million dollars while wandering through the aftermath of a Texas drug deal gone horribly awry, his decision to abscond with the cash sets off a violent chain reaction in a stripped-down crime drama from Joel and Ethan Coen. Llewelyn Moss (Josh Brolin) has just stumbled into the find of a lifetime. Upon discovering a bullet-strewn pickup truck surrounded by the corpses of dead bodyguards, Moss uncovers two million dollars in cash and a substantial load of heroin stashed in the back of the vehicle. Later, as an enigmatic killer who determines the fate of his victims with the flip of a coin sets out in pursuit of Moss, the disillusioned Sheriff Bell (Tommy Lee Jones) struggles to contain the rapidly escalating violence that seems to be consuming his once-peaceful Lone Star State town. Woody Harrelson, Javier Bardem, and Kelly MacDonald co-star in a distinctly American crime story that explores timeless biblical themes in a contemporary Southwestern setting.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Joel Coen|Ethan Coen	Ethan Coen|Joel Coen	20071121	20090407	...the Coens sabotage their wonderfully understated style in No Country with the trivial substance of their narrative.	6/10	rotten	John J. Puccio	0	Movie Metropolis	20080303
In the 3D animated comedy, The Angry Birds Movie, we'll finally find out why the birds are so angry. The movie takes us to an island populated entirely by happy, flightless birds--or almost entirely. In this paradise, Red (Jason Sudeikis), a bird with a temper problem, speedy Chuck (Josh Gad), and the volatile Bomb (Danny McBride) have always been outsiders. But when the island is visited by mysterious green piggies, it's up to these unlikely outcasts to figure out what the pigs are up to.	PG	Animation Kids and Family	Clay Kaytis|Fergal Reilly	Jon Vitti	20160520	20160816	Even though 'Anger is not always the answer,' sometimes it has to be, or there's no movie, and here's where The Angry Birds Movie will divide audiences.	2.5/4	rotten	Peter Canavese	0	Groucho Reviews	20160519
A hard-drinking lush finds himself thrust into superhero mode in director Peter Berg's unconventional look at the private life of a crime-fighter. Will Smith stars as the embittered do-gooder whose lifestyle is more akin to a rock star than a role model, and who has grown as disillusioned with his once-admiring public as they have of him.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Peter Berg	Vincent Gilligan|Vince Gilligan|Vy Vincent Ngo	20080616	20081125	Hancock is a rarity. It's an action yarn that feels like a drama and, alternately, a drama that takes our breath away with bursts of eye-popping action.	3/4	fresh	Larry Ratliff	0	San Antonio Express-News	20080702
Jorgos (Rainer Werner Fassbinder) is a Greek immigrant in Germany who encounters the intolerance of the locals against foreign workers. Open hostility turns to violence when he is beaten up by the authoritarian thugs after dating a German woman. Male and female nudity along with hetero and homosexual sex scenes are shown in this searing indictment against prejudice and fascism. This feature took the Prize of International Film Critics at the Mannheim Film Festival in 1969.	R	Art House and International Drama	Rainer Werner Fassbinder	Rainer Werner Fassbinder	19691008	20020924	I've described the style of the film in some detail because it is so hypnotic and eventually so comic.	4/5	fresh	Vincent Canby	1	New York Times	20050509
Some people have bad days. Henry Altmann (Williams) has one every day. Always unhappy and angry at the world including everyone in it, Henry sits impatiently at the doctor's office when he is finally seen by Dr. Sharon Gill (Kunis). Sharon, who is enduring her own bad day, reveals that Henry has a brain aneurysm. This news makes Henry even angrier, yelling at Sharon he demands to know how much time he has left. Faced with Henry's anger and insults, Sharon abruptly tells him he has only 90 minutes. Shocked and reeling by this news, Henry storms out of the office leaving Sharon stunned by what she has just done in a lapse of judgment. As Sharon goes on a city-wide search, Henry struggles with his diagnosis, determined to make amends with everyone he has hurt in his life. (c) Lionsgate	R	Comedy Drama	Phil Alden Robinson	Daniel Taplitz	20140523	20140722	Brooklyn isn't heartbreaking, heartwarming, or funny. Instead, it's unbelievably awkward, and when it isn't artificial it's wrongheaded.	D	rotten	Brian Orndorf	0	Blu-ray.com	20140523
Directed by six-time Academy Award (R) nominee Peter Weir, THE WAY BACK is an epic story of survival, solidarity and indomitable human will. Shot in Bulgaria, Morocco and India, the film stars Jim Sturgess (Across the Universe, The Other Boleyn Girl), Ed Harris (Appaloosa) and Colin Farrell (In Bruges) as prisoners of a Soviet Union labor camp, who, along with four others, flee their Siberian Gulag and begin a treacherous journey across thousands of miles of hostile terrain. Academy Award (R) nominee Saoirse Ronan (Atonement, The Lovely Bones) and Mark Strong (Body of Lies, RocknRolla) co-star. Written by Weir and Keith Clarke, the film is Peter's first since 2003's Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World. It is inspired by the acclaimed book The Long Walk: The True Story of a Trek to Freedom, as well as first-person accounts and anecdotes as told to, and researched by Weir and executive producer Clarke. Produced by Joni Levin, Peter Weir, Duncan Henderson (Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World) and Nigel Sinclair (Terminator 3: Salvation), THE WAY BACK is an Exclusive Media Group, National Geographic Entertainment and ImageNation Abu Dhabi presentation and an Exclusive Films production. Keith Clarke, John Ptak, Guy East, Simon Oakes, Tobin Armbrust, Jake Eberts, Edward Borgerding, Mohamed Khalaf, Adam Leipzig, Scott Rudin and Jonathan Schwartz are Executive Producers. The film's Co-Producer is Roee Sharon Peled and Co-Executive Producer is Alex Brunner. Weir has assembled an accomplished group of filmmakers with whom he has previously collaborated, including Academy Award (R) winning Director of Photography Russell Boyd (Master and Commander, The Year of Living Dangerously, Gallipoli), Film Editor Lee Smith (Master and Commander, as well as The Dark Knight, for which he received an Academy Award (R) nomination), Production Designer John Stoddart (Fearless, The Mosquito Coast) and Costume Designer Wendy Stites, Oscar (R) nominated for Master and Commander and with credits on nine Weir films. -- (C) New Market Films	PG-13	Drama	Peter Weir		20110121	20110422	It's good, but from this director we have come to expect great.	3/5	fresh	David Hughes	0	Empire Magazine	20101221
A overgrown mama's boy who hasn't found the courage to take flight from the nest gets a little help from the girl of his dreams in the one comedy that proves it's never to late to strike out on your own. Tripp (Matthew McConaughey) may have hit 30, but that doesn't mean that he's ready to give up the many benefits of living at home with mom (Kathy Bates) and dad (Terry Bradshaw). His desperate parents have had enough, though, and after years of gentle nudging they soon realize that it's going to take a concerted effort to get Tripp out and enjoy their twilight years in peace. Realizing that their only hope for ridding themselves of their reluctant-to-leave offspring rides on the off-chance of his meeting the ideal female companion, mom and dad enlist the help of a beautiful and talented woman (Sarah Jessica Parker) in providing the romantic incentive needed to finally get their son out of the family home.	PG-13	Comedy Drama Romance	Tom Dey		20060310	20060627	What fails to launch is anything remotely convincing or appealing.	2/4	rotten	Allison Williams	0	Premiere Magazine	20060404
Everyone deserves a great love story. But for seventeen-year old Simon Spier it's a little more complicated: he's yet to tell his family or friends he's gay and he doesn't actually know the identity of the anonymous classmate he's fallen for online. Resolving both issues proves hilarious, terrifying and life-changing. Directed by Greg Berlanti (Riverdale, The Flash, Supergirl), written by Isaac Aptaker &amp; Elizabeth Berger (This is Us), and based on Becky Albertalli's acclaimed novel, LOVE, SIMON is a funny and heartfelt coming-of-age story about the thrilling ride of finding yourself and falling in love.	PG-13	Drama	Greg Berlanti	Isaac Aptaker|Elizabeth Berger	20180316	20180612	The movie is well-made and likable, without any major missteps. It's also just a little bland.	2.5/4	fresh	Mark Jenkins	1	Washington Post	20180315
When Doris Miller meets John Fremont, her company's hip new art director, sparks fly-at least for Doris. In the cluttered house she shared with her late mother, Doris mines the Internet for information on her one-and-only, guided by the 13-year-old granddaughter of her best pal Roz. When Doris begins showing up at John's regular haunts, she wins over his Williamsburg friends. Her new life brings Doris a thrilling perspective, but also creates a rift between her and her longtime friends and family, who believe she's making a fool of herself over a guy half her age. Eager for all the experiences she has missed out on, Doris throws caution to the wind and follows her heart for the very first time.	R	Drama	Michael Showalter	Laura Terruso|Michael Showalter	20160311	20160614	A playful, compassionate film, with a winning turn from Field. 	4/5	fresh	Steven Neish	0	HeyUGuys	20170224
BLACK OR WHITE is the story of a grandfather (Academy Award (R) winner Kevin Costner) who is suddenly left to care for his beloved granddaughter. When her paternal grandmother (Academy Award (R) winner Octavia Spencer) seeks custody with the help of her brother (Anthony Mackie), the little girl is torn between two families who love her deeply. With the best intentions at heart, both families fight for what they feel is right and are soon forced to confront their true feelings about race, forgiveness, and understanding. Anchored by an all-star cast and based on real events, the movie is a look at two seemingly different worlds, in which nothing is as simple as black or white. (C) Relativity	PG-13	Drama	Mike Binder	Mike Binder	20150130	20150505	For the first two acts, Mike Binder casts an honest look at these characters' pride and prejudices. Too bad its last act hinges more on incident and surprise than illumination or self-reflection. It mars an otherwise admirably tough-minded drama.	3.5/5	fresh	Nick Rogers	0	The Film Yap	20150201
"""Couples Retreat"" follows four Midwestern couples who embark on a journey to a tropical island resort. While one of the couples is there to work on their marriage, the other three set out to jet ski, spa and enjoy some fun in the sun. They soon discover that participation in the resort's couple's therapy is not optional. Suddenly, their group-rate vacation comes at a price. What follows is a hilarious look at real world problems faced by all couples."	PG-13	Comedy	Peter Billingsley	Jon Favreau|Vince Vaughn|Dana Fox	20091009	20100209	Couples Retreat plays like the NBA All-Star game: What seems like a dream-team exhibition of pros at the top of their game too often turns into an undisciplined mess.	2.5/5	rotten	Bill Goodykoontz	1	Arizona Republic	20091007
Trying to reverse a family curse, brothers Jimmy (Channing Tatum) and Clyde Logan (Adam Driver) set out to execute an elaborate robbery during the legendary Coca-Cola 600 race at the Charlotte Motor Speedway.	PG-13	Comedy	Steven Soderbergh	Rebecca Blunt	20170818	20171128	A purely auteur-driven lark slipped into an era when studios no longer want to work with directors with personality and pesky calls for final cut - a high entertainment with a handmade feel.	4/5	fresh	Matt Prigge	0	Metro	20170724
"David Wagner is a Nineties kid with a Fifties addiction. He's hooked on reruns of a classic television show called ""Pleasantville,"" set in a simple place where everyone is swell and perky, ""confrontation"" is a dirty word and life is pleasingly pleasant. Addicted to this utopian world, David immerses himself in ""Pleasantville"" as an innocent escape from the trouble-plagued real world that he must share with his ultra-hip, totally popular twin sister, Jennifer. But one evening, life takes a bizarre twist when a peculiar repairman gives him a strange remote control, which zaps David and his sister straight into Pleasantville. All the repressed desires of life in the Fifties begin to boil up through the people of Pleasantville, changing their lives in strange and wonderful ways that none of them had even dared to dream of, until they were visited by two kids from the real world."	PG-13	Comedy Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Gary Ross	Gary Ross	19981023	19990323	The movie has less biting originality than The Truman Show, but it proves that director Ross retains screenwriter Ross's flair for exploring real-life issues through divertingly far-fetched plots.	3/4	fresh	David Sterritt	0	Christian Science Monitor	20000101
Based on J.G. Ballard's autobiographical novel, Empire of the Sun stars Christian Bale as a spoiled young British boy, living with his wealthy family in pre-World War II Shanghai. During the Japanese invasion, Bale is separated from his parents. With the help of soldier-of-fortune John Malkovich, Bale learns to survive without a retinue of servants at his beck and call. By the time Malkovich and Bale are tossed into a Japanese prison camp, the boy has picked up enough street-smarts and developed enough intestinal fortitude to regard his imprisonment as an exciting adventure. The story ends during the 1945 liberation: on the verge of manhood, the 13-year-old Bale will never again be the pampered, privileged brat whom we met in the early scenes.	PG	Drama	Steven Spielberg	Tom Stoppard|Menno Meyjes	19871209	20011106	Now considered a trial run for the more moving, horrifying and involving Schindler's List, Steven Spielberg's drama, set in China during the Second World War, is a glossy and rather tame affair.	3/5	rotten	Jo Berry	0	Radio Times	20161026
In this action-horror flick from director Robert Rodriguez and screenwriter Quentin Tarantino, Tarantino stars with George Clooney as a pair of bad-to-the-bone brothers named Seth and Richie Gecko. After a string of robberies that left a river of blood in the Geckos' wake, the sadistic siblings head to Mexico to live the good life. To get over the border, they kidnap Jacob Fuller, a widowed preacher played by Harvey Keitel, and his two children, Kate (Juliette Lewis) and Scott (Ernest Liu). Once south of the border, the quintet park their RV at a rough-and-tumble trucker bar called The Titty Twister, where Seth and Richie are supposed to meet a local thug. After a couple of drinks, they realize that they're not in a typical bar, as the entire place begins to teem with vicious, blood-sucking vampires. With the odds stacked greatly against them, the Fullers and Geckos team together in hopes of defeating the creatures of the night. Makeup artist Tom Savini and blaxploitation star Fred Williamson appear as allies against the vampires, and Cheech Marin fills three different roles.	R	Drama Horror Mystery and Suspense	Robert Rodriguez	Robert Krutzman|Quentin Tarantino	19960119	19980615		0/5	rotten	Jeffrey Westhoff	0	Northwest Herald (Crystal Lake, IL)	20030327
"When their new guardians forbid 16-year old Andi and her younger brother, Bruce to have a pet, Andi has to use her quick wit to help find a new home for their dog, Friday. The resourceful kids stumble upon an abandoned hotel and using Bruce's talents as a mechanical genius, transform it into a magical dog-paradise for Friday--and eventually for all Friday's friends. When barking dogs make the neighbors suspicious, Andi and Bruce use every invention they have to avoid anyone discovering ""who let the dogs in."""	PG	Action and Adventure Comedy Kids and Family	Thor Freudenthal	Jeff Lowell|Lois Duncan|Robert Schooley|Mark McCorkle	20090116	20090428	It needs something quite special to save this film from toxic splurges of sentiment. Lisa Kudrow and Kevin Dillon duly oblige as a pair of fabulously awful foster parents.	2/5	rotten	James Christopher	0	Times (UK)	20090212
A blend of science fiction and noir detective fiction, Blade Runner (1982) was a box office and critical bust upon its initial exhibition, but its unique postmodern production design became hugely influential within the sci-fi genre, and the film gained a significant cult following that increased its stature. Harrison Ford stars as Rick Deckard, a retired cop in Los Angeles circa 2019. L.A. has become a pan-cultural dystopia of corporate advertising, pollution and flying automobiles, as well as replicants, human-like androids with short life spans built by the Tyrell Corporation for use in dangerous off-world colonization. Deckard's former job in the police department was as a talented blade runner, a euphemism for detectives that hunt down and assassinate rogue replicants. Called before his one-time superior (M. Emmett Walsh), Deckard is forced back into active duty. A quartet of replicants led by Roy Batty (Rutger Hauer) has escaped and headed to Earth, killing several humans in the process. After meeting with the eccentric Eldon Tyrell (Joe Turkel), creator of the replicants, Deckard finds and eliminates Zhora (Joanna Cassidy), one of his targets. Attacked by another replicant, Leon (Brion James), Deckard is about to be killed when he's saved by Rachael (Sean Young), Tyrell's assistant and a replicant who's unaware of her true nature. In the meantime, Batty and his replicant pleasure model lover, Pris (Darryl Hannah) use a dying inventor, J.F. Sebastian (William Sanderson) to get close to Tyrell and murder him. Deckard tracks the pair to Sebastian's, where a bloody and violent final confrontation between Deckard and Batty takes place on a skyscraper rooftop high above the city. In 1992, Ridley Scott released a popular director's cut that removed Deckard's narration, added a dream sequence, and excised a happy ending imposed by the results of test screenings; these legendary behind-the-scenes battles were chronicled in a 1996 tome, Future Noir: The Making of Blade Runner by Paul M. Sammon.	R	Drama Science Fiction and Fantasy	Ridley Scott	David Webb Peoples	19820625	19970827	Probably the best and the richest film by Ridley Scott. But what makes it so powerful? Well, here we go. [Full review in Portuguese.]	5/5	fresh	Pablo Villa	0	Cinema em Cena	20171004
When a weathered, God-fearing ex-blues musician finds the town nymphomaniac severely beaten and left for dead on the side of the road, he vows to cure her of her wicked ways in Hustle &amp; Flow director Craig Brewer's raw and unflinching follow-up. Lazarus (Samuel L. Jackson) is a hard-living ex-blues guitarist for whom the troubled days are beginning to outnumber the good. Rae (Christina Ricci) is a 22-year-old sex addict whose wild ways are finally about to catch up with her. When Lazarus discovers Rae covered in dust and clinging to life on the side of the road, he takes her in and nurses her back to health; but Lazarus isn't your typical caregiver, he's more concerned for Rae's immortal soul than he is for her physical well-being. Now, after chaining Rae down and employing the power of the Good Book to curb the salacious seductress' hedonistic ways, Lazarus will be forced to confront his own darkest demons in order to save the soul of a woman whose one-way ticket to hell has already been paid in full. Now, as Lazarus wages a righteous struggle to redeem the soul of the fallen Rae while simultaneously ensuring that his own life hasn't been lived in vain, the situation threatens to explode as Rae's possessive boyfriend, Ronnie (Justin Timberlake) -- a roughneck Guardsman currently preparing for a tour of duty in Iraq -- comes searching for his missing lover.	R	Drama	Craig Brewer	Craig Brewer	20070302	20070626	Moody and full of atmosphere, this film has a terrific premise, but no plot to speak of. It's an intriguing character study, beautifully filmed and acted but ultimately somewhat empty.	3/4	fresh	Rich Cline	0	Shadows on the Wall	20070315
The story of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and its aftermath are the subject of this sometimes iconoclastic but always passionate religious drama. On its initial release, the film was the center of a notable controversy, thanks to protests from fundamentalists objecting to the film's unconventional depiction of Jesus.	R	Drama	Martin Scorsese	Paul Schrader	19880812	20000425	Cross a certain line, and message overwhelms medium, substance overwhelms style, what you have to say drowns out how you might be saying it.	F	rotten	Steven D. Greydanus	0	Decent Films Guide	20020508
A woman is forced to prove her own sanity to save the life of her daughter in this taut thriller. Kyle Pratt (Jodie Foster) is a successful aircraft designer who has recently been dealing with the traumatic death of her husband. After traveling to Berlin on business with her six-year-old daughter, Julia (Marlene Lawston), Kyle falls asleep on their flight back to New York, only to discover that her daughter has gone missing. While not knowing where Julia has gone is troubling enough, even more disturbing is the insistence by sky marshal Gene Carson (Peter Sarsgaard) and Captain Rich (Sean Bean) that no records indicate that the child ever boarded the jet. As Kyle becomes increasingly desperate to find her daughter, she must prove to the men in charge that her daughter did in fact board the plane with her, and that this turn of events is not a product of her imagination. But if Julia has gone missing, who has taken her and why? Also starring Erika Christensen and Kate Beahan, Flightplan was the first English-language feature from German director Robert Schwentke.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Mystery and Suspense	Robert Schwentke		20050923	20060124	Can she escape his clutches, find her child and solve the mystery? And do we care?	2/5	rotten	Paul Arendt	0	BBC.com	20050927
The Dressmaker tells the story of the beautiful and talented Tilly Dunnage (Academy Award winner Kate Winslet). After years working as a dressmaker in exclusive Parisian fashion houses, Tilly returns home to a town in the Australian outback to reconcile with her eccentric mother Molly (Academy Award nominee Judy Davis). She also falls in love with the pure-hearted Teddy (Liam Hemsworth), and armed with her sewing machine and haute couture style, Tilly transforms the women of the town, exacting sweet revenge on those who did her wrong	R	Drama	Jocelyn Moorhouse		20160923	20161227	To say that The Dressmaker is sui generis is almost an understatement.	4/5	fresh	Kevin Maher	0	Times (UK)	20151119
"Based on a series of Rolling Stone articles by Aaron Latham, this romance was set in the world of L.A.'s hip fitness scene. Rolling Stone reporter Adam Lawrence (John Travolta) comes to L.A. to write a story about a prominent businessman who's been arrested for drug dealing (shades of the John DeLorean scandal). He's also decided to research a piece on the exercise fad and how health clubs have become the ""singles bars of the '80s."" His boss (real-life Rolling Stone editor Jann Wenner as himself) OK's the project. At a club called The Sports Connection, an incognito Adam meets the regulars, including promiscuous Linda (Laraine Newman), airhead Sally (Marilu Henner) and aerobics instructor Jessie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a former Olympic swimmer. Adam and Jessie begin a romance, but it ends when she discovers that he's there to trash her and the club in print. Conflicted, Adam wrestles with publishing the story, but the final decision isn't his. A director of sincere, sober dramas, James Bridges was an odd choice to helm the romantic Perfect (1985), widely considered one of the decade's notorious cinematic misfires. Bridges had enjoyed much greater success with his previous collaboration with Travolta, Urban Cowboy (1980)."	R	Drama Romance	James Bridges	Aaron Latham|James Bridges	19850607	20020625		2/5	rotten	Emanuel Levy	0	EmanuelLevy.Com	20050714
Young parents Mac (Seth Rogen and Kelly Radnor (Rose Byrne) find their troubles are far from over in this sequel co-starring Zac Efron.	R	Comedy	Nicholas Stoller		20160520	20160920	This kind of massive failure of industry and imagination saddens me to no end.	D	rotten	Michael Heaton	0	Cleveland Plain Dealer	20160519
In 1881 a younger member of the notorious James gang becomes so inextricably drawn to and frightened of his mentor that his own delusions of grandeur force him to consider doing the unthinkable.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western	Andrew Dominik	Andrew Dominik	20071005	20080205	The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford is an engrossing and hypnotic western that places a heavy emphasis on atmosphere, character and reality. 	4.5/5	fresh	Matthew Pejkovic	0	Matt's Movie Reviews	20100706
From writer/director David Koepp (Stir of Echoes) comes this filmed adaptation of Stephen King's novella Secret Window, Secret Garden, one of four stories in the collection Four Past Midnight. Johnny Depp stars as Mort Rainey, a recently divorced author who decides to take some time off at his cottage. Unfortunately for Rainey, John Shooter (John Turturro), an unbalanced wannabe writer, tracks him down, claiming that Rainey plagiarized his work. Also starring Maria Bello, Charles S. Dutton, and Timothy Hutton, Secret Window is the second story from Four Past Midnight to be adapted as a film, the first being 1995's made-for-television The Langoliers.	PG-13	Drama Mystery and Suspense	David Koepp	David Koepp	20040312	20040622	...an enjoyable little genre picture -- tense and stylish and full of Johnny Depp. 	B	fresh	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050129
The three-day music festival Zaire '74 and the emerging musical crossover between Africa and America is documented.	PG-13	Documentary Musical and Performing Arts	Jeffrey Levy-Hinte		20090710	20100126	The sporadic appearances by Ali hopelessly unbalance the proceedings, his fiercely outspoken interviews providing the only morsels of substance.	2/4	rotten	Nick Schager	0	Slant Magazine	20090503
When a young American travels to the city of Verona, home of the star-crossed lover Juliet Capulet of Romeo and Juliet fame, she joins a group of volunteers who respond to letters to Juliet seeking advice about love. When she answers one letter dated 1957, she inspires its author to travel to Italy in search of her long-lost love and sets off a chain of events that will bring a love into both their lives, unlike anything they ever imagined.	PG	Comedy Drama Romance	Gary Winick	Jose Rivera|Tim Sullivan	20100514	20100914	Who can resist such ravishing travel porn?	4/5	fresh	Kurt Loder	0	MTV	20100514
Based on the real-life story of golf legend Bobby Jones, Bobby Jones, Stroke of Genius features Jim Caviezel as the temperamental but highly talented amateur who threw a wrench in the golf world of the mid-'20s. Though Jones would eventually become the founder of the internationally renowned Augusta National Golf Club, which is father to the prestigious annual tournament known as The Masters, the combination of his ambition and tumultuous relationship with the media interfered with his personal life to such an extent that his future in the sport seemed doomed. With the help of his wife, Mary Malone Jones (Claire Forlani), the gifted, oftentimes tortured golfer was forced to balance his family life and the public scrutiny regarding his golf career, lest both of them dissolve entirely. Directed by Rowdy Herrington, the film also stars Jeremy Northam, Aidan Quinn, and Malcolm McDowell.	PG	Drama	Rowdy Herrington	Rowdy Herrington|Bill Pryor|Tony DePaul	20040430	20041130	... plodding, special interest movie that feels more like a Golf Channel original production than a full-blown major motion picture.	C	rotten	Philip Martin	0	Arkansas Democrat-Gazette	20050107
Steven Spielberg's phenomenally successful sci-fi adventure thriller is graced by state-of-the-art special effects from the team of Stan Winston, Phil Tippett and Michael Lantieri from George Lucas's Industrial Light &amp; Magic. The film follows two dinosaur experts -- Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and Dr. Ellie Sattler Laura Dern) -- as they are invited by eccentric millionaire John Hammond (Richard Attenborough) to preview his new amusement park on an island off Costa Rica. By cloning DNA harvested from pre-historic insects, Hammond has been able to create living dinosaurs for his new Jurassic Park, an immense animal preserve housing real brachiosaurs, dilophosaurs, triceratops, velociraptors, and a Tyrannosaur Rex. Accompanied by cynical scientist Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum), who is obsessed with chaos theory, and Hammond's two grandchildren (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello), they are sent on a tour through Hammond's new resort in computer controlled touring cars. But as a tropical storm hits the island, knocking out the power supply, and an unscrupulous employee (Wayne Knight) sabotages the system so that he can smuggle dinosaur embryos out of the park, the dinosaurs start to rage out of control. Grant then has to bring Hammond's grandchildren back to safety as the group is pursued by the gigantic man-eating beasts.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Steven Spielberg	Michael Crichton|David Koepp|Malia Scotch Marmo	19930611	20001010	Jurassic Park is the most self-reflexive blockbuster ever made ...	4/5	fresh	Charlotte O'Sullivan	0	London Evening Standard	20130823
The ingredients of an archetypal southern town (the blues, catfish, and scrabble), a deliciously chosen cast, and the creative skills of Robert Altman make for a wonderfully engaging film that adds to the accolades that have distinguished his outstanding career. Delectably combining farce, moral passion play, and social drama with a soupcon of mystery/suspense, Altman drives us to his grandly executed finale with a constantly inventive comedic theatricality. Generations of the Orcutt family have inhabited the sleepy Mississippi town of Holly Springs. Headed by the aging Jewel Mae (Pat Neal), and composed of her two nieces, the domineering Camille (Glenn Close) and the somewhat-mindless Cora (Julianne Moore), and Cora's rebellious daughter (Liv Tyler), only recently returned home, the family is a fairly dysfunctional lot. The nieces basically ignore their aunt, and the mother and daughter avoid speaking to each other. Jewel is watched over by her middle-aged black caretaker (Charles Dutton), but she misses her recently departed husband, Buck, and contemplates joining him in the hereafter. When Jewel finally decides to pull the trigger, Camille stumbles into the situation and plots a coverup that rapidly spins out of control. Close is near perfect as the singleminded southern dame who brooks no interference with her willful desires, whether she's directing the town's Easter play, Salome, or pushing her way through police tape. The police chief and deputies, out-of-town investigators, and a stately patrician lawyer are the final touches in an exuberant allegory that is simultaneously touching, contemporary, and delightfully cathartic.	PG-13	Comedy Drama	Robert Altman	Anne Rapp	19990402	20010501	This isn't great Altman but it's fun Altman.	3/5	fresh	Angie Errigo	0	Empire Magazine	20100721
In 1881 a younger member of the notorious James gang becomes so inextricably drawn to and frightened of his mentor that his own delusions of grandeur force him to consider doing the unthinkable.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western	Andrew Dominik	Andrew Dominik	20071005	20080205	It's a view of the West beyond the myth that's worth enduring, if not relishing.	3/5	fresh	Roger Moore	1	Orlando Sentinel	20071018
1970s-era DC antihero Jonah Hex makes his way to the big screen as co-screenwriters Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor (Crank, Gamer) team to follow the disfigured gunslinger and part-time bounty hunter on his biggest adventure yet. Supernatural elements combine with Western aesthetics to take viewers on a wild and bloody ride, with Josh Brolin leading the way as Hex and John Malkovich stepping into the villainous role of Turnbull. Jimmy Hayward (Horton Hears a Who) directs.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama Horror Western	Jimmy Hayward	Mark Neveldine|Brian Taylor	20100618	20101012	An awful excuse for cinema that ultimately fails in nearly every way possible.	1/4	rotten	David Roark	0	Christianity Today	20101020
"""The Vertical Limit"" is a high-adrenaline tale of a young climber who must launch a treacherous and extraordinary rescue effort up K-2, the world's second highest peak, to save his sister and her summit team in a race against time."	PG-13	Action and Adventure Drama	Martin Campbell	Robert King|Terry Hayes	20001208	20010522	See it for the cool action scenes, and call it a night.	6/10	fresh		0	JoBlo's Movie Emporium	20001206
When teens mysteriously develop powerful new abilities, they are declared a threat by the government and detained. Sixteen-year-old Ruby, one of the most powerful young people anyone has encountered, escapes her camp and joins a group of runaway teens seeking safe haven. Soon this newfound family realizes that, in a world in which the adults in power have betrayed them, running is not enough and they must wage a resistance, using their collective power to take back control of their future.	PG-13	Mystery and Suspense Science Fiction and Fantasy	Jennifer Yuh Nelson	Chad Hodge	20180803	20181030	"The movie doesn't end so much as stop, while promising at least one sequel. But here's a wild guess: This is the last you'll be hearing about ""The Darkest Minds."	0/4	rotten	Mick LaSalle	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20180802
"After being denied a promotion at the university where she teaches, Doctor Lily Penleric, a brilliant musicologist, impulsively visits her sister, who runs a struggling rural school in Appalachia. There she stumbles upon the discovery of her life -- a treasure trove of ancient Scots-Irish ballads, songs that have been handed down from generation to generation, preserved intact by the seclusion of the mountains. With the goal of securing her promotion, Lily ventures into the most isolated areas of the mountains to collect the songs and finds herself increasingly enchanted -- not only by the rugged purity of the music, but also by the raw courage and endurance of the local people as they carve out meaningful lives against the harshest conditions. It is not, however, until she meets Tom -- a handsome, hardened war veteran and talented musician -- that she's forced to examine her motivations. Is the ""Songcatcher,"" as Tom insists, no better than the men who exploit the people and extort their land?"	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Romance	Maggie Greenwald	Maggie Greenwald	20010629	20011023	The film is beautifully photographed like a Hallmark tourist postcard...	C+	rotten	Dennis Schwartz	0	Ozus' World Movie Reviews	20011210
The brief, illicit love affair between an Iowa housewife and a post-middle-age free-lance photographer is chronicled in this powerful romance based on the best-selling novella by Robert James Waller. The story begins as globetrotting National Geographic photographer Robert Kincaid journeys to Madison County in 1965 to film its lovely covered bridges. Upon his arrival, he stops by an old farmhouse to ask directions. There he encounters housewife, Francesca Johnson, whose spouse and two children are out of town. Thus begins their four-day affair, a liaison that fundamentally changes them both. Later Francesca chronicles the affair in a diary which her flabbergasted grown children read; never would they have expected their mother to be capable of the passion she experienced with Kincaid.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Clint Eastwood	Richard LaGravenese|Richard La Gravenese	19950602	19970925	As director, Eastwood has decided to go for cinematic poetry, and occasionally he manages to achieve just that.	2.5/4	fresh	Chris Hicks	0	Deseret News (Salt Lake City)	20000101
In the years before World War II, a Japanese child is torn from her penniless family to work as a maid in a geisha house. Despite a treacherous rival who nearly breaks her spirit, the girl blossoms into the legendary geisha Sayuri. Beautiful and accomplished, Sayuri captivates the most powerful men of her day, but is haunted by her secret love for the one man who is out of her reach.	PG-13	Drama Romance	Rob Marshall	Robin Swicord	20051216	20060328	Memoirs of a Geisha builds a beautiful garden, then runs an interstate through it to let more people in.	C	rotten	Rob Vaux	0	Flipside Movie Emporium	20051201
In 1881 a younger member of the notorious James gang becomes so inextricably drawn to and frightened of his mentor that his own delusions of grandeur force him to consider doing the unthinkable.	R	Action and Adventure Drama Western	Andrew Dominik	Andrew Dominik	20071005	20080205	Casey Affleck's performance as the awkward, awed, angry man-child carries this film, but never hogs it. It's probably too subtle and generous to get Oscar's attention, but at least the Golden Globes caught on.	3/4	fresh	Gina Carbone	0	Seacoast Newspapers (NH/Maine)	20071224
In this family-friendly comedy drama, Walter (Haley Joel Osment) is a shy and bookish boy just short of his teens whose mother impulsively decides to leave him for the summer with his eccentric grand-uncles, Hub (Robert Duvall) and Garth (Michael Caine). Walter isn't especially happy about being left in the middle of Texas with two old men, while Hub and Garth aren't too pleased to be stuck minding a boy, especially one who isn't accustomed to hunting, fishing, or firearms. When Walter starts hearing local gossip about his uncles' wild and wooly pasts, he begins asking a few questions, and while Hub and Garth don't enjoy having the boy poking into their pasts, as they start telling tales of their youthful adventures, they find themselves itching for some new adventures in their lives. Soon Walter is a semi-willing accomplice as his elderly guardians rediscover the wild, impulsive spirit of youth. Secondhand Lions was produced in part by the well-respected visual effects house Digital Domain, who also helped create the imagery for the film's flashback sequences.	PG	Comedy Drama Kids and Family	Tim McCanlies	Tim McCanlies	20030919	20040203	First-rate performances by Robert Duvall and Michael Caine.	B-	fresh	Eleanor Ringel	1	Atlanta Journal-Constitution	20030919
A hard-drinking lush finds himself thrust into superhero mode in director Peter Berg's unconventional look at the private life of a crime-fighter. Will Smith stars as the embittered do-gooder whose lifestyle is more akin to a rock star than a role model, and who has grown as disillusioned with his once-admiring public as they have of him.	PG-13	Action and Adventure Comedy Drama	Peter Berg	Vincent Gilligan|Vince Gilligan|Vy Vincent Ngo	20080616	20081125	His symbol is the eagle. He beats up on little Frenchmen. He is 'the only one of my kind,' the world's lone and lonely superpower. Hancock is a clever metaphor for America in the world.	3/4	fresh	Kyle Smith	0	KyleSmithOnline.com	20080703
Taking his cue from such 1970s horror classics as The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974) and The Hills Have Eyes (1977), animated rocker Rob Zombie goes celluloid with the throwback shocker House of 1000 Corpses. Running low on gas as they travel the highways of America in search of the ultimate roadside attraction, a group of teens pull into Captain Spaulding's (Sid Haig) museum of oddities (which also offers fried chicken and gasoline) only to become obsessed with uncovering the mystery of a legendary local maniac known only as Dr. Satan. When an attractive and mysterious hitchhiker subsequently offers to give the thrill seekers a personal tour of Dr. Satan's old stabbing grounds, a breakdown forces them to take refuge with a group of menacing oddballs as a fearsome storm rages outside. As the evening progresses and the backwoods hosts' Halloween festivities become ever more threatening, the teens soon realize that the legend of Dr. Satan may hold a bit more contemporary weight than any of them had previously thought.	R	Horror	Rob Zombie	Rob Zombie	20030411	20030812	In this field of endeavour, any intense reaction is unsustainable, for the obvious reason that the guiding principle of repetition comes with an inevitable corollary and unavoidable side-effect -- sheer boredom.	1/4	rotten	Rick Groen	1	Globe and Mail	20030418
A youngster partners up with Pecos Bill, Paul Bunyan and John Henry to save the family farm.	PG	Action and Adventure Kids and Family Science Fiction and Fantasy Western		Robert Rodat|Steve Bloom	19950324	20080826	A children's movie with enough gumption, fire and wit to warm the cockles of an adult heart.	3/4	fresh	Leah Garchik	1	San Francisco Chronicle	20000101
"After being denied a promotion at the university where she teaches, Doctor Lily Penleric, a brilliant musicologist, impulsively visits her sister, who runs a struggling rural school in Appalachia. There she stumbles upon the discovery of her life -- a treasure trove of ancient Scots-Irish ballads, songs that have been handed down from generation to generation, preserved intact by the seclusion of the mountains. With the goal of securing her promotion, Lily ventures into the most isolated areas of the mountains to collect the songs and finds herself increasingly enchanted -- not only by the rugged purity of the music, but also by the raw courage and endurance of the local people as they carve out meaningful lives against the harshest conditions. It is not, however, until she meets Tom -- a handsome, hardened war veteran and talented musician -- that she's forced to examine her motivations. Is the ""Songcatcher,"" as Tom insists, no better than the men who exploit the people and extort their land?"	PG-13	Drama Musical and Performing Arts Romance	Maggie Greenwald	Maggie Greenwald	20010629	20011023	the presentation [of mountain music]evokes its deep emotions and a beauty that comes from life experience, not the pre-packaged pap courtesy of slick marketing types.	4/5	fresh	Andrea Chase	0	Killer Movie Reviews	20030405
In the early evening of August 21, 2015, the world watched in stunned silence as the media reported a thwarted terrorist attack on Thalys train	PG-13	Drama	Clint Eastwood	Dorothy Blyskal	20180209	20180522	The brief but exciting climax almost, but not quite, redeems such deficiencies. 	2.5/4	rotten	Barry Paris	0	Pittsburgh Post-Gazette	20180209
"Terrence Malick's Days of Heaven, the long-awaited follow-up to his 1973 debut Badlands, confirmed his reputation as a visual poet and narrative iconoclast with a story of love and murder told through the jaded voice of a child and expressive images of nature. In 1916, Chicago steelworker Bill (Richard Gere, stepping in for John Travolta) flees to Texas with his little sister Linda (Linda Manz) and girlfriend Abby (Brooke Adams) after fatally erupting at his boss. Along with other itinerant laborers, they work the harvest at a wealthy, ailing farmer's ranch, but the farmer (playwright Sam Shepard) falls in love with Abby, and, believing her to be Bill's sister, asks the three to stay on at his elysian spread. Seeing it as his one real chance to escape perpetual poverty, Bill urges Abby to marry the sick man. Marriage, however, has more restorative powers, and the farmer has more magnetism, than Bill had planned. ""Nobody's perfect,"" Linda impassively observes in one of her many voiceovers, after their brief paradise is erased by plagues of locusts, fire, and lethal jealousy."	PG	Drama	Terrence Malick	Terrence Malick	19780913	19990330	Every shot is suitable for framing.	4.5/5	fresh	Michael W. Phillips	0	Goatdog's Movies	20040208
The Beatles' early days as a struggling bar band are depicted in this fact-based drama, which tells the little-known story of original member Stuart Sutcliffe (Stephen Dorff). A close friend of John Lennon, Sutcliffe acts as the band's original bassist, accompanying them on their early gigs in Liverpool and Hamburg, Germany. The friendship becomes strained, however, when Sutcliffe falls in love with a German art student and starts to question his commitment to the band. With Sutcliffe's story taking center stage, the stories of the more famous Beatles largely fade into the background. The exception is John Lennon, thanks to a fierce performance by Ian Hart, who had previously portrayed the musician in the more intimate and provocative The Hours and the Times. While Backbeat does provide a new perspective on the band's beginning, and numerous opportunities for a group of modern rock musicians to recreate the band's energetic early performances, it never makes Sutcliffe's story seem more than a footnote to musical history.	R	Drama Musical and Performing Arts	Iain Softley	Iain Softley|Stephen Ward|Michael Thomas	19940415	20030812	Iain Softley directs his feature debut with simplicity and feeling, and you don't have to have been a Beatles fan to get with the beat. Gives you hope for the British film industry.	4/5	fresh	Angie Errigo	0	Empire Magazine	20050622
Shy, sensitive April (Emma Roberts) is the class virgin -a popular soccer player and frequent babysitter for her single-dad coach, Mr. B. (James Franco). Teddy (Jack Kilmer) is an introspective artist whose best friend and sidekick Fred (Nat Wolff) is an unpredictable live wire with few filters or boundaries. While April negotiates a dangerous affair with Mr. B., and Teddy performs community service for a DUI - secretly carrying a torch for April, who may or may not share his affection - Fred seduces Emily (Zoe Levin), a promiscuous loner who seeks validation through sexual encounters. One high school party bleeds into another as April and Teddy finally acknowledge their mutual affection, and Fred's escalating recklessness spirals into chaos. (C) Tribeca	R	Drama	Gia Coppola	Gia Coppola	20140509	20140909	Angst-riddled yet assured debut by third-generational filmmaker Gia Coppola.	6/10	fresh	Susan Granger	0	SSG Syndicate	20140612
The film tells the inspiring true story of how Nelson Mandela joined forces with the captain of South Africa's rugby team to help unite their country. Newly elected President Mandela knows his nation remains racially and economically divided in the wake of apartheid. Believing he can bring his people together through the universal language of sport, Mandela rallies South Africa's underdog rugby team as they make an unlikely run to the 1995 World Cup Championship match.	PG-13	Drama Sports and Fitness	Clint Eastwood	Anthony Peckham	20091211	20100518	So earnest that it borders on hagiography, Clint Eastwood's Invictus remains a powerful slice of history that will leave you amazed at the decency of which we are capable.	3/4	fresh	Robert W. Butler	0	Kansas City Star	20091211
